a cameraman is on the sidewalk filming someone dressed in a suit .
a group of people , many with backpacks , walk down a corridor carrying rolling luggage .
the blue team , mustangs , are on a fast break , and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points .
the girl in red is taking her turn in the monopoly game .
a young women , that looks like a prostitute , is sitting on a bicycle .
beautiful woman dancing on a parade float holding a little boy .
a man digging through reinforced concrete with a hand tool .
a man in a striped shirt explains his proposal to his co-workers .
a group of children play in the muddy water near the woods .
a boy playing pokemon while dressed in red pajamas decorated with penguins and snowflakes .
some people stand by a group of 5 orange portable bathrooms .
traffic cop directing traffic in front of a car with ohio plates on it .
a ski boarder making a jump on a snowy hillside .
a dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth .
two children play street hockey in front of a goal .
a little girl is standing inside of a hoop that is suspended with orange cords .
this photo takes place in a busy street in an asian city where people are riding bikes and walking .
a group of young cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .
a father and son in the water are looking at the water and the boy is looking amazed .
a guy wearing a gray shirt and an orange jumpsuit working on the railroad .
a brown-skinned man in a green hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans is wearing headphones connected to a handheld device .
a singer and her band are performing on stage in a club .
1 guys running with a white ball football in sand while another chases him .
a surfer who fell off his surfboard in the ocean while trying to ride a wave .
older female walking down city sidewalk in a yellow jacket holding a black zales bag .
iowa stat quarterback , number 16 with his arm pulled back to throw the football stands behind iowa state defender number 71 bykuwski in a game against texas a & m .
a photographer eyes his next subject in a garden of tulips .
a bearded old gentleman plays a split guitar outside .
a young boy clasps a man 's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete .
a photographer is sitting on his camera case at the beach .
a man is sitting with a cup of coffee , reading a newspaper .
a young boy in a red jacket stands on a pier with a fishing pole and chair near him .
two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting .
women wearing bohemian dresses are dancing in the forest .
a girl wearing red shorts and sandals is sitting outside on a railing smirking .
a tennis player wearing an orange shirt and brown shorts appears to be hitting the ball back to his opponent .
a pair of kids wearing life jackets raise their canoe paddles .
a woman is being chased by a child on the beach while a man looks on .
two small children , one boy one girl , walking down a path surrounded by trees .
a group of young men and women at a kitchen table playing a board game .
an old man and a young woman are dancing back and forth in what looks to be a wedding surrounded by its attendants .
a man and woman are working on replacing a bike tire tube .
a blond-haired boy wearing a black polo playing a guitar and singing into a microphone with a band .
a woman and a younger child are walking in the woods .
a little boy smiles as he stands in a large inflatable toy .
two men with rags over their face are running down a street with something on fire .
a brown-haired woman wearing a silver watch is petting a white rabbit .
two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow .
a man wearing a orange and yellow vest and a white hard hat is standing on a raised platform .
three construction workers are standing on a boat while one of the men points at something .
a man is sitting , with his skateboard , at the bottom of a skateboard wall below a logo stating vans " off the wall " .
a woman and a man are having a conversation in the doorway .
a man in a red , plaid jacket , walking in front of a brick wall .
a colorfully costumed group of women and children performs a dance on stage .
a man wearing a bib with a red crab on it is trying to decide if he wants to eat a boiled crab .
a woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky .
a female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground .
people are walking up and down a busy city sidewalk .
a mass of people in a city square , surrounded by electronic billboards .
two adults in an outdoor hot tub smile to the camera .
a man in a long gray overcoat stands in a courtyard as snowfalls .
several trucks stopped outside for some type of outdoor event .
a group of indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background .
a woman dressed uniquely in yellow , red and blue , holding a pan and standing in front of various food .
a woman in a white tank top and a baby sit at a table and get something to eat .
athlete running on field , blurred athletes running in background .
a telephone repairman looks down from above while repairing his lines .
3 children holding their arms up while smiling with a christmas tree in the background .
a man wearing a blue tank top in front of a truck with flower pots in front of it .
a boy is covered in fall leaves in the yard .
one man in a red unitard and one in blue wrestle on an outdoor stage in new york , ny .
a guy and a girl going to a restaurant to eat food and stop and talk to people .
a group of people are sitting at a beach watching the blue angels .
open , scatteredly placed umbrellas , fill an exit to a room with black trim doors while a blurry individual looks directly into the camera .
a little boy playing on lines that have been drawn on the street .
two young girls wearing blue and turquoise dresses and bonnets are walking beside a tree .
two men , seated side-by-side , look at something on a computer that one man is pointing to with a pen .
a man rides a surfboard through rough white and blue water .
a young man doing a black flip off a wall in the park on a nice day
a girl earring a gray t-shirt and blue sweater is sitting at a dinner table .
two young boys are sitting at a desk in a classroom .
a boy with his hands above his head stands on a cement pillar above the cobblestones .
a child is looking at some colorful dresses .
a girl with light brown hair , in a bobbed haircut is smiling while holding a yellow flower with a brown center .
a man in a yellow shirt and khaki shorts is balancing on a metal chain .
a man in a dress shirt dress paints and overalls plays the accordion outside .
a person sitting at a table with their feet propped up looking at a device of some sort .
3 men in blue scrubs in an operating room around a patient hidden by a blue sheet .
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .
a white and brown dog is running through a snow covered field .
a woman is smiling and putting her fists in the air in delight .
a man in front of an asian shop of some sort working on a bicycle .
a boy and girl standing together on the pavement as they look at an object .
a man is sitting on door steps in front of a house .
2 poor dirty kids on a dirty street , one of them is sitting on a rock bench .
a little african american girl is sitting on a swing at a park looking at the person taking the picture .
a group of young men laugh as they write on a friend 's back with a marker .
a group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate .
a woman sits in front of a low table with various raw ingredients on it .
a group of people are gathered on a white pillared porch for a photo .
several people wading in the water at the bottom of a ravine .
a shirtless man shaves outside a garage while someone to the side holds up a mirror for him to see from .
a group of people headed up an escalator , many of them holding an umbrella .
a gentleman with a long beard is at a concert playing a fur lined base guitar .
a young woman in a blue shirt looks into a telescope outside while another woman in a red shirt observes her .
two dogs running through a field .
a man is standing in front of an interior brick wall with pictures along the top .
a crowd of people gathered together and one woman is standing and holding a sign .
a woman , dressed in a gold suit , is smiling as she stands in front of an open door .
girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
an elderly man is presenting a plate of squid for the photographer .
two people getting married at a ceremony .
three people playing tennis with a shopping cart of extra yellow balls .
an old woman at a furniture shop , a small dog is looking as she walks away .
two guys working on a light bluish green camper truck trailer .
a young girl writing on a piece of paper at a table .
the guy on the bicycle is doing a very high jump on a track .
an older woman is cutting with scissors .
a older man with a walker walking in front of a colorful wall , with multiple things going on it .
many people stand by as a man cuts a piece of plywood at a construction site .
a young girl with blond-hair is walking outside while a young boy watches .
photographer shooting picture of lovers in underground surrounded by graffiti .
the hikers take a tandem leap while crossing the bridge .
six kids sitting in a circle while a woman watches over them .
an older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera .
a man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in chinese .
a person stands in a boat labeled texas mooring in front of a red wall .
three women , two guitarists and a keyboardist , are on a stage performing music .
a girl in a blue school uniform climbs a tree and stops for a picture .
an older woman is carrying a large red sack in front of a wall covered by graffiti .
a boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing .
a young child wearing a blue sweater is fiddling around with wires .
a young female child is holding a homemade sign that says end war , with ron paul written on the side .
men are lined up at a race with run for haiti signs behind them .
a young man in handcuffs is being placed in backseat of cop car .
a man is walking on the street as he begins to pass the glass window of a business .
a child with dreadlocks is breakdancing on a public sidewalk .
a man in a wetsuit gliding through the ocean with one sail .
a greyhound walks in the rain through a large puddle .
horse pulling wagon with male bailing hay while three boys look on '
the naked cowboy outside of the bank of america is talking to a redheaded woman as cabs drive by .
a man in a white shirt is riding a white scooter .
a young woman is practicing martial arts , while wearing a pink outfit .
people lounging on a patch of grass next to a wall .
a young boy wearing a red jumpsuit smiles while riding a motorbike .
man holding a baby propped between two buildings about two feet apart photographed from below .
a guy with a yellow outfit on standing behind a microphone under a tent .
a man in a white shirt and a woman in an orange top sit together on the beach .
a man with black shorts and a red shirt is standing on cobblestones .
a fire escape on the side of a building dominates an urban scene of an alley .
a person in a yellow shirt is stretching while on a bridge .
a man is holding a deer on top of his shoulders while looking at a cow among two other cows .
man sitting inside of a van looking out the window .
a silver car being driven in a parking lot , while crowds watch .
a smiling girl is wearing a speedo swimming suit , goggles and cap with her hands on her forehead .
two boys are standing in their blue swimming trunks .
two men in black shirts are sitting on a white sofa and working on laptops .
man in blue shirt , white hat and blue jeans , with a brown bag across his back , riding a bicycle on a sidewalk , riding past a traffic stoplight .
a boy and a girl are standing on the edge of a lake at sunset .
a brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass .
a man with long , blond-hair and no shirt , walk behind a black truck .
two people on a beach sitting underneath a colorful umbrella .
a black woman and a white woman sitting at a bus stop .
three young adults talk in a crowd of people , the woman looks upset .
a man in a light blue long-sleeved shirt wearing a red and white scarf on his head stands beside a makeshift fruit stand .
three older men stare into the pan of a street vendor who is cooking fish .
there are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees .
a man sits in a chair by the pool , playing the guitar .
a group of people sit on the beach , beyond a sign warning of rogue waves .
a woman in a pink top and black long shorts is getting her nails done by a lady in red .
elderly man poses with his two dogs while sitting on his living room couch .
musician with fender guitar looks on before his next performance .
a racer in a blue car towing a man in a black suit on the street
a man lying on the grass relaxing with his camera by his side .
a woman is holding up a child as they coming splashing down a slide into a pool .
group of little girls and a dog standing on the road .
a person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf .
a young lady in a dress with a doctor pressing a stethoscope to her chest .
a woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper .
two men in black jackets are standing near a fire .
a girl in a bathrobe holding a plate of food stands next to a boy holding utensils and a red cup .
sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball .
a little boy , dressed in black , kneeling down and looking up in the camera .
five people have fun running down a sand dune .
two women dancing on a walkway with band in the background and pedestrians walking by
a woman wearing glasses is trimming her nails with a pair of scissors .
five adults and a child run opposite of the waves on the beach .
a man bows in prayer over a very ornate coffin in a cathedral .
a minister in a plaid shirt marries a man wearing a shirt that says " groom " and a woman in a pink dress .
an elderly man in a blue hat sitting on a cement wall while looking at the ground .
a shirtless man is playing a red set of drums .
a dark city street containing one woman walking and many parked cars .
a man with black hair is lying across a park bench reading a book .
a group of people pulling and falling on each other on the ground , with their shirts off .
three men ride bicycles in front of a red brick building .
two children have dug a large hole at the beach and are filling it with water .
a man in a sombrero and a woman in a blue bikini walking on a beach .
a classroom includes students who observe their professor lecture on the marker board .
a young girl wearing a polka dot dress and bunny ears is playing an arcade game .
a smiling , blond man is eating a sandwich and fruit at a table in a break room .
a smaller orange dog putting its head on a larger black and white dog
two white dogs are splashing around in white waves .
an asian man playing a wooden instrument .
photo is of a group of soccer players entangled around the ball , several players are awkwardly positioned
a man is putting a life preserver on an individual .
two small girls are jumping on an outdoor trampoline in a backyard .
a gray and white dog jumps over a bar during an obstacle course .
there are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street .
a young woman in a black bikini brushes her long brown hair at the beach .
four people , two in green uniforms and two in red uniforms , are playing a game of lacrosse .
a woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant .
two young men with shovels are working the soil in a garden during spring .
baseball players are at the batting cage practicing before the game .
emergency medical crews , firefighters , and police officers at the scene of a car accident .
one boy is driving a play tractor while the other boy jumps off the back of the play tractor .
a military or police officer stands by as people pass in a public square .
three women offer bags of food to a man in a blue hoodie who takes it from them into the truck .
a girl with a damn nice booty is getting a nice block in a beach volleyball game .
a brown dog is sitting on a cobbled pavement .
men on pedal cycles chatting with young dressed up girls during an night out on a town .
a man with a white jacket is playing the acoustic guitar .
a woman sits in a doorway holding fabric and an embroidery loom .
young girl and man standing in front of water fountain .
a man is singing into a microphone while his band plays .
a man squatted on a rooftop cleans the rain gutters with a hose .
two young children holding each other and posing .
a shirtless man doing a flip while jumping on a trampoline with a tent in the background .
several people are standing on top of a snowy , rocky hill with the moon in the sky .
a referee in an international soccer match discussing a recent foul with players from each team .
several motorcycles are parked on one parking space .
a heavyset tourist reads the posted news article on the wall of an underground subway .
a man with a brown coat and blue headscarf is kneeling and tuning a guitar .
a young boy walks joyfully down the beach holding a seashell .
a man in a blue shirt painting something outside .
a black and white dog stands on the grass with a baseball in his mouth
a brown dog jumping a wooden wall a few people standind around also
two bicyclers in spandex and blue and yellow helmets riding past graffiti .
several people , some holding umbrellas , ride a long boat down a river .
a child , roughly ten years old , playing a video game on an old style computer .
players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game .
young boys running along the pavement .
a nurse is listening to another women 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .
the ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip .
a reporter is talking to a man in the midst of a group of people in a dark room .
a marching band dressed in red , white , and black forming a line .
an african american man holding a guitar looking out the window .
three boys in t-shirt standing outside of a dilapidated building .
ballet dancers in a studio practice jumping with wonderful form .
a girl wearing a pink scarf and pink bellbottoms riding her bike outside .
two women and one man skipping or dancing down a road while onlookers watch .
a woman runs down the street in a marathon .
a large group of people gathered outside of a building .
this is the image of six asian children with tambourines .
a man is jumping on a pogo stick on the sidewalk in front of an audience .
a sled dog team running from the perspective of the rider .
fourteen people building a foundation next to a yellow house .
several people sitting in a boat and standing on a dock on a body of water in the forest
a man with a black t-shirt and blue shorts is walking at droney park .
a woman in a green shirt is running a race and looking at her watch .
a peron in a white top and blue pants wades through a puddle on a street with rickshaws on it .
a married couple pose for pictures on a grassy hillside on a cloudy day .
three people are playing in snow covered city streets .
a guy is fishing off the dock , it looks like he has something big on the end of his line .
a person in a green shirt and jeans welds a large pipe .
some men try to load what looks like a cannon .
five adults and a child are laughing and smiling as they visit in a home of a relative or friend .
two guys riding skateboards with one of them performing a jump trick .
two women in light blue shirts place a stone tile in a garden .
a man in a gray robe is walking in the shade .
three men walk through a park near a river .
two people with signs reading " free hug " are staring with people nearby .
a woman on a cellphone rests her leg on a building wall .
a man and a woman are sitting on the base of fence having a conversation .
two musicians , a woman in black playing the piano , and a man in a black suit playing the flute .
there are people looking at something outside of this picture .
a young girl in red pants looks at a window mannequin as people walk past .
a worker on scaffolding passing a tool to another worker in front of a brick structure .
four young children are walking barefoot while carrying bags of fruit .
a husky breed dog is sniffing a horse 's shoulder while the dog 's owner is petting the two brown horses .
the hockey goalkeeper is reaching out for the ball .
a pretty young adult woman , wearing gray leggings and a bright orange tank top , is sitting on a cement bench with bicycles in the background .
young male places a black garbage back over a black mailbox .
a group of climbers rest on a summit that overlooks another mountain range .
a man and woman in a dark suit and formal white dress smile for a picture .
a redheaded lady is reading a book while waiting for the train .
two guys standing side by side .
a man and woman with young children sitting on a blanket among a crowd of people .
a statue of an old , bearded beggar wearing a pointed hat and holding an ornate stick with a collection box in front of him .
a woman with black hair and a tattoo on her arm is standing next to a man in a black shirt with white writing near a car .
a young boy around the age of 13 is playing in the snow and has a snowshoe on his leg , and is running
a little boy has just kicked a soccer ball , and it is flying towards the camera .
a person is wearing mime makeup and glasses on his head as he looks at the camera .
a young man sits on the curb while another rides a skateboard with green wheels down the street .
a man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline .
a girl with a white top and yellow shorts is playing tennis .
a man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .
a young black man is walking down a deserted street with a container on his head .
a man wearing shorts and a t-shirt works with a stair climber in a private home .
a man on the beach is taking a picture of another man .
a man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat .
an audience is watching people in orange and white outfits pushing shelves on wheels .
a brown dog is swimming in a creek .
an old couple having a good time by walking on the streets .
a yorkie jumped into the air to catch a red ball in its mouth .
looking in through a decorated window on a man riding an elevator .
an elderly woman in a light brown coat is walking down a street in a neighborhood .
a woman standing in front of a building as others go about their day .
a group of people some are standing and some are lying on the ground outside .
a black and white dog is bounding down white steps .
the gray dog is rolling on its back on the grass .
a serious looking man in a tan coat standing outside while its snowing .
a brown and black dog runs down a sandy beach .
a woman with a softball runs after a child in a grassy lawn .
a boy and a girl are riding in a red seat on a fairground ride .
a skateboarder jumps over a highway guard rail .
a smiling young girl is sitting in a wheelchair with a red polka-dot painted face , surrounded by other young females in red tops .
a group of people are standing outside taking pictures .
a man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon ford truck .
a young girl with blond-hair and glasses sitting at a table in a restaurant .
the blond woman is searching for medical supplies in a suitcase .
a man is running along the shore of a beach on a rainy day .
a man wearing a swimsuit dives into a pool surrounded by a screen .
a woman in sunglasses standing beside a man in sunglasses sitting on a rock .
people making international phone calls .
bald man with a cigarette in his mouth prepares to pour a chemical into a tub filled with solution .
a woman squinting from the heavy snowfall as she sleds down a snowy hill .
bronislaw komorowski 's campaign sign floats above a mcdonald 's .
a young boy in a striped red and white shirt is trying to look through a telescope .
a woman in a white dress is trying to give a man in a suit bunny ears .
a professor or student presents himself in front of other students .
a white blond woman is site seeing on a sunny day .
a line of people going through an arid region past a sign , the people are either walking or riding animals .
several men are playing a board game in a living room .
a crowd of people standing next to a sign while some check their cellphone
male football player in orange and white uniform dodges tackle of another player .
three men in wearing black jacket and holding microphone standing behind a desk .
two city workers dressed is orange is cleaning up a burning mess on a city street and curb .
a man in jeans sitting on the front lawn with a baby in his lap .
a woman walking bike in a mud trap during a bicycle race .
two couples are passionately embracing on a beach , while an elderly couple looks on from above .
an adult and a child walking around outdoors in autumn .
two women with their baby strollers walking along a leaves covered street .
two women in black dresses covered in white artwork stand together in the grass while one holds a white mug .
a man is standing with no shirt on is standing in waist-deep water .
a man in a gray jacket is eating a sandwich .
three dogs are running down a snow covered hill .
a family stands for a picture , holding frames to their faces .
a snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain .
a brown and black dog running across a grassy field
a child submerges from the water .
male tennis player with tattoo on left arm in position to hit the ball with onlooker sitting down .
a skateboarder does a trick on a black and yellow striped ramp .
there are two people playing cellos while four people are playing violins and all of them are reading music .
two fluffy white dogs running in green grass .
a bunch of guys watching something on a computer screen .
a woman with green hair , a sexy outfit and black stiletto boots is standing in a pose behind a few black railings .
there is a man and woman at a beach jumping straight up in the air hold hand and smiling .
a man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach .
a beautiful ballerina dancing beautifully in the air with a colorful tutu .
two little kids are decorating cupcakes with tubes of frosting .
two young woman are walking on a sidewalk surrounded by other young people .
a woman and man , both dressed in black , sit by the water .
diners are sitting at tables in a restaurant .
a man at an outdoor restaurant lowers him sunglasses .
a baseball player places himself in the trajectory of an oncoming baseball .
a boy swings a baseball bat , and a catcher stands behind him .
closeup shot of a military man and woman in a blue dress dancing at a military ball .
a boy dressed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .
a woman stands with a green and white jacket , with a 3 leaf clover emblem on it .
a bmx racer in a blue and white uniform competing in a race on a dirt track .
a man and woman are walking whilst holding hands down a leafy lane .
three older men , one with a yarmulke , one with glasses , and one with a striped shirt are talking .
a biker with a blue jacket , black pants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .
a snowboarder is jumping in the air over a snow slope .
middle-aged man in shorts and a hat sits while reading a book .
a man is sitting down holding a cigarette between his fingers .
two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track .
several bystanders are watching as a man does a wheelie on a yellow four wheel bike
girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .
a man in a white shirt with a white hat holding a pair of headphones at a field based game .
a black woman wearing a " your daily cup " t-shirt and making espresso .
a man wearing a yellow shirt and glasses in front of a wall of drawings bites into his food while holding a full mug .
two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty .
three young girls , who look like sisters , are all holding pink and blue baseball gloves and a baseball .
a lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus .
a man in a shirt sitting on playground equipment .
the black dog is running through the water on the beach .
a group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep .
a stock car races along a dirt track , spraying a plume of dirt behind it .
a man is doing a jump on the surfboard near other people in the water .
a man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath .
a huge cruise liner covers the horizon from a beach with beautiful clear water .
man in yellow shirt and jeans watching his bmw coming out of a car wash .
a group of five children sit on wooden stairs with foliage surrounding them .
some people are relaxing in front of a large red building .
as i slave over this assignment , i cautiously click on the answer !
a gray dog is walking through a grassy field .
construction workers with a big stencil about to stencil on the road .
a harried young woman walking out of a cafe in a purple coat and tall black boots .
a man in a green outfit shows off his red motorcycle for a crowd
three dogs are running through the water .
woman in shorts and bikini top , yellow jacket , walking .
a man in brightly colored clothing playing what appears to be a bongo in a city with onlookers .
a group of men lift their arms to signal while they look to the left .
a woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard .
a woman in a white lab coat is carrying a box and safety goggles , and has a light .
a man dressed in a cowboy hat and a blue unbuttoned shirt is smiling in a shed .
woman kicking head of another kickboxer
one lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store .
the two old grandmother is talking each other .
a man with ski poles and a large camping backpack treks through the snow .
lady with teal boots and matching handbag walking while talking on cellphone .
the woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back .
friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles .
two men kickbox in a ring , one man punching the other .
a baby in a sesame street bib is eating , and opening its mouth very wide , exposing the food inside it .
a firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke .
a grandmother prepares snacks for her granddaughter .
a snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators .
a man with a goatee panhandling by playing the banjo , behind a crown of people .
an inflatable rock climbing obstacle is scaled by a person wearing a white helmet .
a man in ripped pants playing an accordion on a sidewalk while people walk past .
two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler .
a cat is watching the movement of a young girl who is playing with a toy airplane .
a young man takes an airborne leap while snowboarding .
a group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo .
a young man stands in a crowd beside another young man holding a beverage can .
a man sits on the sidewalk in front of an asian restaurant as people pass .
a shrouded man coming out from a dark doorway , holding a skull .
this is a woman , wearing a blue pants suit , standing on a brick like sidewalk
excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains .
men 's volleyball team member jumps up into the air to spike the ball into the other teams playing field .
a man with dreadlocks is sitting near music mixing equipment .
a man and woman walking next to a red car with an unusual hood ornament .
a man is lying in snow laughing while a female is looking on .
a man with a purple shirt , blue sneakers , and a black backpack riding a bicycle .
a group of fourteen is assembled in a hall with dining tables and a stage .
a man pointing to the air standing next a group of people hanging wings on a bus .
a dog with sharp teeth is chewing on a stick outside .
a man wearing an apron and a gray shirt is working in a white tiled area with some equipment .
two older girls hold a younger girl between them indoors .
a little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor .
a man wearing skates and a helmet , while handling a pair of dogs on leashes .
two women are performing a dance wearing bright colors with a dark sky in the background .
two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street .
a woman sits on a couch with her feet up and her back to a wood wall with a computer in her lap starring at the screen .
one man has another man trapped in a straight armbar hold on a gym floor .
a man with a guitar and a cowboy hat performs in front of a microphone .
talk between man in hawaiian shirt , older man in gray and man seen from behind .
an older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall .
two men in lime green shirts and black pants are playing soccer .
a little girl is playing by jumping from one stepping stone to another .
a man on a bike sells scissors and other supplies in a country within the continent of asia .
a woman posing for a picture while cooking food .
seven people leaning over a rail wearing business attire .
this man with three dogs takes his route along the tree-lined street .
two people are sitting at desks by the windows in a library .
little girl in a pink hello kitty shirt is jumping .
four people sitting on a orange ride in a carnival or fair .
a man and a woman are smiling for the camera but the woman is not looking at the camera .
a group of people walking down a road a long road , in the suburbs .
several people gathered in a kitchen around an island eating .
a man is working on a computer while two people sit and talk in front .
a woman is looking at her camera , a man is eating , and another man is reading .
a black and white dog is trying to catch a frisbee in the air .
a man in a bright pink shirt shakes the hand of a bearded man in a saffron shirt .
travelers gather to await the arrival of their baggage in the claims department .
many people look at art in the main lobby of a museum .
a tennis player in a red shirt strikes a dynamic pose .
a brown and white sheltie leaping over a rail .
two white men outside on a sunny day by a tree .
a closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision .
a man in glasses and a blue shirt reading a laptop screen .
four small kids dress in black and red wedding attire play on the floor .
a man in jean shorts is plugging a cord into a wall .
a child is splashing in the water at the beach .
a male gymnast in white hanging from bars .
a guy wearing a black and green , long-sleeved shirt is bowling with a green bowling ball .
an old woman comforting a little child and making sure she is warm .
the sky glows a vivid yellow in the sun .
two people sit on a couch overlooking the view of a city .
a person walking down an alley towards the light .
a group of people wearing formal wear are standing , facing outward .
a woman with a black shirt and black scarf looks at the camera while holding a cellphone .
a man in a blue uniform tries to shoot a basket during a basketball game , while surrounded by three men in white uniforms , and as another blue-uniformed player looks on .
three men play instruments while others stand in the room .
young man dressed in black with white tennis shoes , lying on a large gray stone .
a young man is lifting weights at the gym while a young woman is walking the treadmill in the background .
woman wearing nun 's veil eating a sandwich in a crowded area .
an old man with a braided beard wears a tie dye shirt .
a man wearing a red sweater is sitting on a car bumper watching another person work .
a group of people enjoying a small carnival .
a person on a beach in a green hang glider .
a man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation .
a man is walking outside of a jewelry store while on his phone .
a woman with dark hair and black sunglasses is leaning against a wooden brown wall .
a woman wearing a yellow and cream colored scarf , and a cream color jacket stands in front of a wall with a painting and holds her hand out .
an older man in a yellow jacket inspects his shorts while another man stares into the camera .
a man in a yellow shirt is walking away from the camera carrying a basket on his head .
a black dog is carrying a black stick in the grass .
a couple of women working in at a table with cigar tubes .
a black and white dog carries a white frisbee over the grass .
a group of individuals are sitting in a room together and smiling .
a child swings a big white stick while others look on .
two elegantly dressed women wearing white having there picture made on a city sidewalk .
several workers standing in a partially constructed building behind street sign
there are three men having a conversation at a social place .
a person holding a cane sleeps on a bench outside .
seven people playing soccer on a field , man in the blue shirt is about to kick the ball .
three people are sitting bright orange in a horse drawn carriage in a downtown area .
a boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy .
a blond girl with a poster poses with a black-haired girl .
little boy in plaid shirt blows bubbles outdoors .
two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red .
two people riding their motorbikes against one another on a track .
a man smiles while drilling into a pumpkin with a power drill .
a cream pink colored tree shrouds a child 's playground while someone reads the newspaper on a bench .
a woman in a purple top and holding a water bottle is crossing the street .
two glassblowers are crafting a bottle in a glass blowing studio .
two woman dressed as geishas are riding in a cart pulled by a man .
two suited fencers pointing their swords at each other .
two men , one wearing an orange shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , run on a track .
a young , well dressed man , kicks his heels in joy after receiving good news .
they carefully step from rock to rock just to cross the river .
a group of 4 african-american children are sitting on stools in front of a bar that has iron bars restricting access .
a boy is playing checkers with an adult shown off-screen while a girl looks on .
a brown dog chewing at his own tail
two firefighters spray water onto smoldering trash pile .
the three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball .
an elderly man and a young woman share a laugh on the beach .
a dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water .
a man in a blue shirt and tan pants is bowling .
the little boy is holding a spoon in his hand whilst winking one eye .
fishermen at the sandy beach side by side throwing the net to the ocean .
man in red shirt and blue jeans is adjusting his fly .
boy wearing jeans aiming bow and arrow toward target on a hay bale .
an elderly man is walking down the sidewalk wearing black shorts and a white shirt .
a bunch of birds flying towards a building with an antenna in the background amid a beautiful sunset .
several people are smiling as they wear crowns , garish hats , and painted faces .
a man floating on a tube on a lake .
a guy has position his put for his swing to hit the ball in a golf tournament .
three men are standing outside on a snowy mountain .
a mother and her baby are at a park with both of them touching a part of an apparatus .
there is a picture of a green , white , black , and red flag .
a person being dressed in clothing with feathers and sequins .
a man in a red shirt and blue hat travels the road on a motorcycle .
four people are standing at a rail looking at the ocean .
people hanging out and talking about their interests .
six hockey players , three white and three blue , skate around the white team 's goal .
a man in a yellow shirt and a woman in white sit in the sunset .
a woman with her hair pulled up wearing earrings and a belly dancer top .
a young lady with a blue cap , and eyeglasses is sitting on the sidewalks waiting for the parade .
2 men wearing neutral color clothes have a conversation over a meal .
a black guy with dreadlocks is dancing along with other people .
a man in a blue tank top doing pastel artwork on the sidewalk .
a young woman with blond-hair , wearing a short-sleeve gray shirt and blue jean shorts , prepares food for a barbecue .
well above the mountains timberline , this young woman seems to be safely equipped for scaling the sheer mountain wall .
two people are using protective gear while they climb high on a metal frame .
a little girl is riding on a man 's shoulders as they walk behind a scarf-clad woman with a big purse .
six people are sitting around an l-shaped table surrounded by books and yarn .
a man wearing a black shirt and jeans , is walking down the street with his hands in his pockets .
a group of people have gathered to watch some girls sing .
a little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy nerf gun .
a male hiker sits perched on a high rock in the mountains .
an olympic cyclist with the number 9 from espania riding down a dirt path .
two men in football uniforms sit on the grass , looking unhappy .
the skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump .
a dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water .
several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
a woman walking with a sheltie through a competition obstacle course .
a little girl with her face painted in camouflage at an event .
a man lounging on a couch surrounded by more furniture .
a female athlete is high jumping at the 2010 barcelona .
a young girl in pink is playing with a pink toy on asphalt .
a woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs .
men in uniform dragging a canon for some kind of celebration with a pretty city in the background .
there is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air .
people paint symbols of a different language on top of planks that are gray .
a man in swimming trunks plays in the ocean 's waves .
old man cutting a piece of pipe to the correct shape .
a woman in a jacket is posing for a camera smiling in a mostly empty restaurant .
two men wearing spurs are inspecting the bed of a pick up truck .
a father is spoon feeding his baby girl , as she smiles .
man in all black posing in a dancer 's pose , as another person begins to run in front of the scene .
a group of people gather at a stand at the fair .
there is a group of football players , several in maroon and gold and the others in yellow and black on a grass field with a referee in white and black .
a man is holding two hats , one in his hand and one hanging from his elbow , in front of a crowd .
two guitarists on both sides of a stage and a drummer behind a red drum set in the middle .
a woman with a white shirt and jeans is riding a motorized scooter .
a bald man in a band is playing guitar in the spotlight .
a little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls .
little girl sliding down an orange playground slide .
dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them .
two identical dogs bound across a lush green meadow .
a man in a blue shirt and black pants strolls by an irish pub .
the two people carrying skis are walking in the snow .
a man skies on snow with mountains in the background .
a black and white dog walking in shallow water
people boarding a blue , white , and gold train .
a man in a boat in a blue shirt and hat has a fishing pole that is bent halfway .
a person with a bright orange wig and teal dress stands in a large crowd of people .
two kids are going down a water slide on a red and black raft .
a cyclist in neon yellow uniform rides past spectators behind a yellow banner reading " lotos . "
an adult and three youths are enjoying the waves on a beach .
a man in hiking boots , shorts , a blue jacket and a wide brimmed hat is walking through an area with pine trees .
a child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog .
a man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs .
a young field hockey player wearing a blue jersey takes possession of the ball .
a woman wearing a green shirt using a large black telescope during the day .
an old man in a red sweatshirt chisels away at a rock sculpture .
a man in a checkered shirt and white sandals is asleep while reading the paper .
the teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard .
a man dressed in a white collared shirt a black gloves balances atop a construction instrument .
a black woman and a white man working in a factory setting packing jars with candles into boxes .
a dark-haired boy wearing a green t-shirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him .
a man in a robe sits on a stoop with his coffee while a cat keeps him company .
a police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets .
a person in red rides a motorcycle while carrying several items , including a plant .
a shirtless man wearing a hat is sleeping on a painted bench .
a man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk .
girl in black dress posing in front of soccer goal with soccer ball .
a tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball .
a person with glasses and a black cap bending over equipment in the dark .
a man and women walks together , both with white shirts , holding balloons .
a woman sporting a smile is playing a violin against a green backdrop .
a woman in a black and tan jacket , tan hat and red pants has just putted a golf ball .
a young man with a beard stands on top of a rock cliff .
person with shovel walks through snowstorm in front of cafe .
two men playing the guitar while a third looks on and points
a parasurfer is airborne over the water .
four girls standing together in the street posing for a picture .
a man in a white hat , blue sweater , and khaki pants gets ready to attempt a putt .
a lit food cart is parked on the street at dusk .
a man wearing a beret and tinted glasses stands in front of a microphone .
a black and white dog is looking at a pink frisbee on a court .
a group of people standing next to a " no truck 's " sign and a yellow street sign .
four women having a conversation during a busy event .
a man sitting on the street carves various vegetables into flowers and animals .
two young players are pushing each other in a football practice .
a dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass .
a gymnast in red is doing a balance beam routine in front of a crowd of onlookers .
three girls in blue and red plaid dresses dance for spectators on a hill .
two girls are at the table by the candlelight .
baseball field staff washing the clay that rings the outside of a baseball field .
a young woman wearing a blue swimsuit top is standing on a sandy beach .
two light colored dogs running in the grass .
a white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard .
a group of young boys playing football in full pads and uniforms .
young man showing off by performing a karate move for surprised girl .
a girl is laughing while holding some rocks in her right hand .
a young black man wearing a thick brown coat and a ear plugs strikes a pose behind a blue rail .
the man sang a song while another man played guitar .
a group of people are playing instruments while sitting at a table .
a man seems surprised when he got photographed while he was cutting meat in his kitchen .
two people are walking across a path between buildings .
a ballet company with a man and woman posing surrounded by several other women .
a man standing on a railroad track taking a picture of the water between two bridges .
three dogs trot on a stretch of grass , and one dog is carrying a tennis ball .
three men standing outside in suits are talking and laughing .
a girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track .
an elderly couple is getting some food from the table at a party .
a man with long hair in peculiar clothing is in front of a mirror while holding a camera .
several young people congregating by two canoes .
one young man with a white t-shirt is punching a bag in a gym while another man watches him .
a man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool .
a smiling woman in a purple shirt and white apron wiping her hands on a napkin .
a woman wearing a red shirt and khaki pants carries flowers .
two soccer players chase after the ball ; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it .
a boy in the air trying to dodge a ball thrown at him .
a couple reading the directions for a parking meter in the city .
a young boy with light brown hair putting his face into his meal .
a line of tourists await their turn to eat at a very busy restaurant .
a girl in a pink dress dances with a girl in a black skirt to a band .
this person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .
a man in white holds up a red ball over a cricket wicket .
a male in a white shirt and dark shorts is outside playing basketball .
a group of people walking down the street with one on the phone in a green hat .
people in red and pink walking down large steps
an african american man in a brown shirt is singing on a stage .
a man riding a horse attempts to lasso livestock in a pen .
a woman in a navy blue jacket and a woman in a green shirt standing in a room .
two men are skydiving over a beautiful lake and mountains .
a man in a collared shirt playing the trumpet on a street corner .
three individuals are visible participating in the sport of fencing while two spectators watch from behind .
a laughing woman leans on the legs of a sitting man while lying on a bed of pebbles .
two teenage girls dance in pajama bottoms , one holding a paper .
a crowd of people underneath a hi-pointe neon sign .
a man in a red shirt starts to cut a cake at a party .
a man playing the drums on a set of pots and pans with wooden spoons .
a man in a gray hooded sweatshirt rides his bicycle on a half pipe .
the man is rollerblading in a red hat , blue shirt , and tan pants .
an adult with two kids , one child making a face and the other kissing the adult 's cheek .
two people , one with a bright orange shirt and green pants , the other with a green shirt , are running side by side in lane three on a track .
a young man dressed in jeans , a white t-shirt , and blue hat is sitting on his skateboard .
a little boy who is playing outdoors is tasting dirt .
a little boy grinning with a go-cart in the background .
a woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique .
an area in japan which appears to be extremely crowded , with many people of whom look like tourists .
a group of children in coats are standing and sitting on a sidewalk .
a white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand .
a blond-haired woman holding money talks on her cellphone .
two men are jumping off of a picnic table , with a rock wall and forest in the background .
several people are marching and one is holding a menorah as he marches .
two children are standing along the edge of a large stone stairwell .
a bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park .
people in a conference room having a meeting that involves a mac computer and a presentation .
two female wrestlers with long , blond-hair , fighting in front of a crowd .
two young woman are standing in a living room laughing and smiling .
people are turning their attention to a man with an instrument .
a surfer is being splashed by an ocean wave .
a man with a blue jacket bikes a long a highway lines with green plains .
a couple are dancing while others are watching a concert in a bandstand .
a guy on a bike doing a really cool trick and his friend or someone is taking a picture .
a man with sunglasses speaks into a microphone he is holding .
two men are standing in the forest , and the third man is driving bulldozer .
lady wearing spectacles points camera with some trepidation .
a dirty man is standing next to a fence , eating something white .
a crowd of people gathered together looking up and taking pictures .
a bride and groom leaving their wedding as guests throw confetti at them .
six ballet dancers , three men and three women , perform on stage .
a table of computer laptops and their users , in the background are people without computers .
a man with dark hair and brown skin is in a dark room with his hands on some equipment .
an asian man wearing glasses and face-mask is cooking some barbecue .
a group of faithful shoppers bear the cold while one points to his favorite store .
a black and white dog is running along a blue board .
a young child with wild curly hair sits on a chair and shows off his legos .
an indian man stands among a group of indian people writing on a clipboard .
a man in a red shirt and wearing a white bandanna on his head is sitting on a sound stage .
a black dog runs on green grass towards the camera .
a woman wearing a blue tank top is holding a ball and looking up attentively .
two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game .
a woman with a headband walking at the lead of a crowd , holding a sign saying " the rescue " .
a nigerian vendor displays his collection of sunglasses for sale .
a group of kids , sitting on the floor , in an art museum listening to an older lady .
a man sitting in the passengers seat of a blue sanitation truck , smiling .
a man is performing a trick on a bicycle at a rocky beach .
on a red and orange stripe chair , a woman sits with her hand to her lips .
three young people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk .
a man jumps high in the air above a wooden ramp with a bicycle .
men clothed in traditional german attire raising beer glasses .
a child puts his hands to the belly of a woman in a red coat .
a person in a crowd taking a picture of people on a stage .
two guys with blue vests seated in inflated boats named crushers that are on the open ocean .
a brown and white dog runs beside a wooden fence with a tennis ball in his mouth .
five women wearing uniforms and carrying guns are spending time together while a man in a black robe talks on a cellphone in the background .
a group of tourist taking pictures , while looking at scenery on top of a mountain .
there is a child wearing an orange shirt and hold an orange book .
a child in a brown hat napping in his stroller
two men , one with a mohawk and sunglasses crawl through the mud , as others look on .
here is a picture of a woman and a man camping out in the woods with the fire on .
three woman out on the lawn of a park area holding exercise poses .
a little girl wearing a white shirt puts her hand into the water of a fountain .
a big , brown dog is shaking off while in the water .
a white male with a blue sweater and gray pants laying on a sidewalk bench .
a young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled .
an audacious motorcyclist who is zooming through a racetrack .
man in yellow shirt looking into his blue laundry bag , next to a washer .
construction workers building a structure with white material and some concrete blocks .
a man with long hair works on putting tile on the ground .
latino man hanging out a window cover trying to sell ice cream out of a street cart .
a young man performing a bicycle stunt on a very small platform , while another is spotting him .
the people are standing around at the auto show .
an older gentleman wearing a beret sitting on the bench holding a leash and waiting for his dog .
on older asian man in a yellow button down is looking at the camera .
a man in a gray overshirt and brown pants plays pool with a woman in a black and white striped shirt whose head cannot be seen .
some people are running and playing in water spouts .
a person with a bag walking in a big city .
a boy with a black and white striped shirt is about to kick a pink soccer ball .
a man in a plaid shirt is hiding his face as his arms are being held behind him by a man in a black shirt .
a little boy sits on an orange chair while touching a computer mouse and looking at a computer screen .
a man holding a brass colored lock with a long metal object inside of the lock opening .
a rock band plays on a zune stage while many people watch .
an asian man wearing black pants is kicking a toy .
this man in a red hat is sitting at the top of a mountain on a sunny day .
a man with thick rimmed glasses is working diligently on his computer .
two young girls jump off or over a concrete barrier in an inner city park .
a woman in an orange shirt and white skirt hits a tennis ball with a racket .
a brown and white dog is jumping over a yellow and red pole .
three people hang out in an alley after it rained .
a bald man wearing a blue shirt eating ribs at a table outside .
a man is laying in a bathtub with his eyes closed and hands behind his head .
two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy .
a person in a red shirt is holding on to a natural formation .
one person is grabbing another person by the neck and kissing them on the cheek .
a skateboarder grinds along a pipe beneath a fire escape .
a man is rock climbing at sunset .
people are standing on a crowded street with suitcases .
a couple is sitting in front of a landmark sharing an intimate kiss with their feet resting in water .
a group of people are on a covered area talking , and some of them are wearing volunteer for parks t-shirt .
three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd .
a man chiseling wood , holding a pencil behind his right ear .
a man in a blue shirt is building a sand castle at the beach .
seven people are taking a break from skiing to chat in a snowy clearing .
a brown dog sits alone in front of a snowbank .
two young men play outside near a golden statue of ghandi .
a man shoveling snow from a driveway between vehicles .
young man swimming , wearing swimming cap and protective goggles .
a man in a red jacket and a child with a mohawk dig with shovels at a park near the beach .
a male golfer wearing a blue polo shirt and a white hat is attempting to get his ball out of a sand trap .
andy rodderick gets ready to hit a tennis ball .
the girl with the black t-shirt is out with a large brown dog .
a child in a red and blue hoodie is playing by himself .
a surfer walks along the beach as he looks out onto the water .
a group of people splashing water over the head of someone in a chair .
a man with a red suit is dancing with a lady .
a group of children pose for a picture taken at the dining room table as they sit down for supper .
a young boy , in a white jersey , has kicked a green and white soccer ball .
the girls are playing in the pool and splashing each other with water .
little boy attempting to help mom do dishes & play in the bubbles .
a young boy splashes in a yellow wading poll while mom watches
a man running with a ball as his opponent tries to grab him .
a person in a red full body costume is riding a motorcycle .
two male ufc fighters are boxing against each other in a ring .
four people are waiting inside the psychic readings by mrs. lillian shop on the street .
a dalmation chews on a small branch of a tree .
a man is walking on a cobblestone street , in the opposite direction and a man and a woman .
man in blue shirt talking to woman behind a counter with stuffed animals hanging all around them .
a college class is in session with students in attendance .
a woman smiles to the camera , while a man watches another bowler at a bowling rink .
the youths performed the holiday concert using a variety of instruments .
two women sitting in silver chairs waiting for a train or subway in an indoor station .
man makes vulgar gesture to the camera while the others around him eat .
two children are playing with a football on the grass .
two cyclists cross the street on a very breezy california day .
a man wearing a cowboy hat standing on a sidewalk during the day talking on his phone and looking at something .
a yellow uniformed skier is performing a trick across a railed object .
a young girl poses with a fishing pole as her picture is taken .
a group of people eating a meal at tables set up on a street .
a skateboarder riding up to a slope .
men in bathing suits standing and sitting near the edge of the water while one man is swimming .
a man wearing a blue sweater and a tan sock hat is smoking a cigarette .
a woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove .
a 4-piece band whose lead singer plays bass play on a stage , presumably in new york .
two workers are moving boxes on the roof of a building overlooking industrial buildings .
an elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes .
the sunlight casts long vertical shadows on the back of a young girls ' denim jacket .
two guys wearing backpacks are looking in a store window and women 's underwear .
two redheaded children play with bubbles with adults and a body of water in the background .
an older man with gray hair and a white baseball hat is hunched over and his head is on his knees .
clown at a circus making a balloon toy for a woman .
numerous men and women enjoying an outdoor area .
two dogs walking through tall grass carrying a tree branch in their mouths .
an older man is running in a street , bearing the torch for the london 2012 olympics , while a crowd watches .
a young woman in a tank top is smoking a cigarette while holding two bocce balls .
a woman in a white dress is posing in a kitchen , next to a counter full of dishes of food .
there is a beige and white dog running through water .
workers on a break in front of the atari building .
a family , grandparents , parents , and children , are sitting in front of a fireplace and a christmas tree opening presents .
the man in the checkered shorts sat down on the side of the road and took his tan boot off .
a man and a woman are staring into the ocean .
a hallway is littered with ladders and fabric during construction .
two men are setting up a stand with produce and drinks .
two boys standing holding the ankle of one crossed leg .
a woman in an orange bikini top is massaging a man 's back .
a man cuts wood to add to the fence he is in the middle of building .
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them .
a man holding a red bucket and a green hose walks up to a brown donkey .
a man is biting his tongue while throwing some food and attempting to catch it in a frying pan .
several tourists photograph pictures over the sea .
a soccer player dressed in a red uniform goes up for a header .
a bmx biker is in the air completing a trick with only one foot on the pedals .
two men in green t-shirts are standing by blocks of wood .
one man wearing glasses sits in front of an apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone .
two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress .
two green shirted males perform on the square as people watch .
a man in white shorts is in a park throwing a frisbee .
a man wearing yellow smiles to the camera as he poses with a turkey coming out of the oven .
a man sits at a table fixing something while there is a large projector , projecting 53:11 in the background .
young white people side in a slightly dark room .
men who work construction in orange vests and yellow hats besides one man on the right in a white tee-shirt .
a bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall .
this is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick , on his nose .
male singers in robes and women singers in long ethnic dresses and white blouses perform in a building lobby wile lead by a man with a drum
a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground
a large orange dog and a little orange dog with another third dog in the grass .
a blond-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy .
a woman peeks out from behind a rock located on the shore of a large body of water .
a man leaping into the air with a mountain vista behind him .
a man with shoulder length blond-hair and glasses about to eat steak and vegetables
two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory .
a baby is sleeping while in a carrier on someone 's shoulder .
a small boy , wearing shorts and no shirt , is running outdoors .
a man and woman dressed in punk rock style clothing are seen crossing the street during the daytime .
a blue motorcycle is jumping over some colored barrels .
an aging man contemplates his life as it passes him by .
girl in pink shirt fires at the target at a firing range .
a man in the blue shirt is taking a photo with a family he met while on vacation .
a wide-eyed person brandishes an axe while wearing a fur hat and traditional medieval garb .
a little boy is playing with a metal rod in a laundry room .
a clown with colorful pants sitting on a bench of a old building .
two men wearing hard hats and tool belts are standing on a scaffold .
a group of women in long , white skirts tie handkerchiefs to their heads .
two men dressed in dark orange coverings and sandals stand near a large reflective sculpture .
people walking in a lot where it looks like construction may be about to occur .
a teenage boy pulling the tail of a bronze statue of an over-sized lion outside a museum .
group of young people walking , sitting and standing on the sidewalk .
one dog is chasing another dog that is carrying something in its mouth along the beach .
a man in a hat operates machinery on smooth ice in the winter .
water log amusement park ride with people in it at night .
a young blue eyed , brown-haired child happily looking up
a child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar .
two girls wearing identical outfits are performing what appears to be a tap dance routine .
husband and wife heading up the hill to go to the swimming hole .
a woman is walking past two cartoon pictures of men walking , one titled " berlin , " the other "kathmandu."
two basketball players from duke are looking upward .
a man walking the city streets looking at a large wok of food with noodles and peppers .
a skateboarder has kicked his board up onto its back wheels in an indoor skate center .
two boys with mouthguards and one is holding a football while the other reaches for him .
a young woman with her face painted plays the cello .
a black greyhound with the number seven is in the middle of a race .
people are walking down the sidewalk with a bride and water in the background .
a girl in a blue shirt and yellow shorts is jumping in the air and yelling into a microphone on a stage .
three men playing sports wearing blue as their uniform
a man in a sleek white shirt gazes into the woman 's eyes while holding on to the back of her black and pink dress .
two individuals enjoying a practice of an unidentified sliding game .
a woman sitting on a bright blue bench looks up from her book .
a dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth .
a masculine gentleman is walking down the street carrying a portfolio .
a woman wearing many beaded necklaces looks at a child with just one .
a woman with blond-hair is walking on a sidewalk in black heels .
four indian women walking down the street with rubble surrounding them .
teammates in blue , jog down a playing field with an audience watching .
a man is putting on a yellow necktie while another man stands to his right side watching him .
an asian woman in a pink sweater holding incense sticks .
a toronto blue jays player is sliding head first into home plate as the catcher in a yellow shirt tags him out .
a man performing auto repair in front of a building .
a girl with red pants drives a scooter .
a group of people practice aerobics in a grassy field .
three dogs are playing outside with a tennis ball .
two dogs play with one another on the grass .
three people lean against a railing and look at buildings across the water .
three female bikers travel swiftly through a school zone .
two men in sunglasses are hammering a sign to a tree .
a boy in a white and green striped shirt and black shorts .
a chubby man rides away down the street on a bike .
a teenage boy wearing a white shirt is sitting down next to two other boys who are standing .
a man in a white shirt lies in grass with his eyes covered .
a black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background .
there are men in a room with soda and chips on a table .
a white crane stands tall as it looks out upon the ocean .
a lot of people walking through a narrow city street .
two dogs stand in water and bite each other 's mouths .
a woman in a purple top is standing in a room with a red wall .
a man driving a sport atv at high speeds around a dirt track
a couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles .
a man in orange shorts holds a child up on play equipment .
the women is white is explaining something to the other women .
three men in jackets are sitting on a park bench .
a boy with dreads hangs in the air as he does a kick flip on his skateboard outside .
a man dressed in red is skiing in the snow near a tree .
a man in a superman costume , cowboy boots , cowboy hat selling designer bags for $ 10.00 on a busy street .
a man in a blue-collared shirt is seen watching a man at his cart in the evening .
three construction workers completing the foundation for a driveway .
three male culinary workers preparing meals in a commercial kitchen .
here is a picture of an ashtray and glasses on top of a checkered table .
four men and one woman are sitting behind a table , while a wheel is sitting on the wall in the background .
three police officers next to a police motorcycle .
a young child is holding a kite in a large public area with steps leading to buildings .
the firefighter has a hose ready to tackle a car fire .
a dad and a son enjoying a bike ride in a nice sunny day .
a little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball .
a man stands in a workshop , near a table covered with metal parts and machinery .
five people sit near the water looking towards a bridge .
a race car kicks up dust as it speeds down a gravel racetrack .
a woman wearing an orange scarf smiles and looks at the camera .
the football players wear purple pants , gold helmets and white jerseys .
male tennis player getting ready to serve tennis ball .
a yellow lab trotting through grass and fallen leaves .
black dog running with his tongue out .
people in summer clothes are walking on the sidewalk of a large city .
a large , light blue van advertises beach gear on its side with dark clouds in the background .
two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
young guy sitting on the curb in white t-shirt , dark shorts and sandals .
boy skateboarding on residential street , falling farward with hands on the ground .
a white woman looking outside her window in broad daylight .
a lady in a fancy old time dress is playing music on a saw .
a black and white dog leaping out of the water .
a man in a hawaiian shirt and a small boy are playing indoors with a wooden train set .
a man wearing sunglasses and walking with a cane is crossing the street .
a young girl is holding a yellow and white ball in a green grass field .
person in wetsuit on top of a surfboard in the water .
an african american woman tennis player taking a swing at the ball .
man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red .
spectators are watching a bull rider as the bull is bucking .
two little girls , in the grass , collecting dandelions .
a man on the telephone sitting at his computer at work with piles of paper stacked on the desk .
a japanese man in a red shirt , at the olympics playing tennis .
a man in a captain 's hat sits on a park bench next to a bicycle .
a woman wearing a black hat and white sunglasses walks up a snowy and steep path .
a dog walks down the dirt road as a person follows .
an individual walking by a bridge and a factory .
a gray-haired man singing in a crowd and playing an acoustic guitar .
one dog jumps up to catch a ball as another dog runs towards it .
a group of people sit on and in front of a graffiti covered wall .
an oriental woman in a pink jacket smiles as she shovels snow from the sidewalk in front of a pay phone .
a man lays down rugs in front of a wall covered in graffiti .
several high-school aged students raking leaves in front of a house .
two boys dressed as spiderman race down slides during a trip to the park .
a group of children standing in a lake in shoulder high water while one boy is balancing on the shoulders of two other boys .
the sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center .
