a reporter films a story in front of an apartment building .
a group of travelers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform .
a group of young girls are competing in a basketball game , held at some sort of gymnasium .
three individuals are playing a game of monopoly .
a blond woman in a black and pink outfit sitting on a bicycle .
a woman in a dress carrying a child in her arms .
somebody digging in the dirt with a shovel .
a group of people look on as a man points to a whiteboard .
six people in bathing suits are playing around in a creek .
boy in red pajamas with penguins and snowflakes on them playing a pokemon card game .
a family waits next to some portable toilets in the city .
traffic officer telling car where to turn .
a snowboarder grabs his board while midair .
a brown dog is about to catch a treat .
kids in helmets play hockey outside .
a little girl is standing inside a circular contraption with bubbles on it .
a very bus street is shown with asian people all around walking and riding bicycles .
many child cheerleaders in pink and white outfits put on a show .
an older adult playing with a little boy in a lake with boats in the distance .
man wearing a orange safety uniform is working on a railroad track .
a man wearing headphones is checking the screen of a handheld device while on the street .
a woman in a blue dress singing in a band .
men are on the beach playing volleyball while the crowd watches .
the feet are shown of a person who just fell off of their surfboard .
an older woman walking with a look of distress on her face .
three football players ,
a man is kneeling next to a tripod and a feild of tulips .
an older man playing an instrument in the rain .
a boy in a blue shirt next to a body of water with an older man .
a photographer capturing images of the sunset .
people sitting at tables reading or working .
a young boy in a red coat fishes off a pier and looks down at the water .
two dogs play on the dry ground .
a group of ladies trying to learn how to belly dance .
a child in a green and white top sits on a railing .
there is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket .
a group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets .
two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches .
two young children are walking hand in hand on an outdoor path .
a group of teenage friends are playing a board game and eating food .
a bride dances with her father at her wedding as the wedding guests look on .
there is a man and woman working on a bicycle tire .
a middle-aged man in a black t-shirt singing in a microphone and playing a red guitar
a mother and her child hiking in the woods .
a small boy jumps around in a yellow inflated bounce gym .
two people running away from an unknown object on fire and a water sprayer .
a young woman is stroking the white rabbit that is sitting on her leg .
two dogs play in the snow together .
a construction worker working by painting a subway .
three men near the water with yellow vests and hard helmets .
a bearded twenty something man is sitting at the bottom of a dry pool with his skateboard .
a man in a large crowd converses with his friends .
a man in a business suit walks ahead of a man in a plaid jacket .
women and children in colorful outfits perform on stage .
a mixed sex group wear lobster bibs and wield mallets as they dine on crab at a restaurant .
a man holds a long leash with a large gray dog attached to it .
a little girl in pink and purple stands on a playground .
people are walking in the city during the evening .
a lot of people on the street in front of large buildings .
a man and a woman sit in an above-ground hot-tub .
a young man is wearing a blue outfit and gray coat .
people and vehicles gathered together for an event .
people of indian origin wash their brightly colored clothes in a communal place .
an asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan .
a happy mom is keeping the baby away from the plate on the table .
a dark-skinned man is jumping in the air during a sports game .
a man working at the top of a telephone pole .
three young children strike poses wearing santa-hats in front of a christmas tree .
a man pointing in a direction while other people look on .
a little boy covered in a pile of leafs
a large crowd watches a wrestling match held outdoors in a big city .
a man and woman with name tags on chat with others in a hotel lobby .
a group of people are watching jets flying in a formation .
a woman stands in the doorway of a room filled with open umbrellas in this slanted photo .
a young boy with a painted face plays on the pavement .
two young girls wearing bonnets standing by a tree watching a snake nearby .
two men are looking at the screen of a laptop while one types and one points at the screen .
a man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave .
the man is doing a flip in an urban area with people walking by .
a young man and woman are at a dinner table with food in front of them .
two young boys sitting at a desk looking forward .
a young man wearing a white t-shirt and green and black shorts standing on a stump .
a young girl is outdoors looks at gowns .
a small girl with short blond-hair smiles as she hold a yellow flower .
a man wearing a yellow shirt balances himself on a raised chain link .
a man wearing a cap and long blue shirt and blue pants playing the accordion
lonely woman eats alone again , chatting with her internet boyfriend at a diner .
three men dressed in surgical gowns operate on a patient .
women skaters on a skating rink in athletic equipment .
a brown and white dog is running through the snow .
a woman in glasses showing a big smile and raised fists .
one man checks out a bicycle in a shop while another sits nearby .
two people consult a map on the interior of a traffic circle .
a man in glasses and jeans sitting on a doorstep .
a little boy sitting in front of a store in a somewhat run down neighborhood .
a little girl sitting on a swing on a playground .
people are writing and drawing on the back of another person with a marker .
there are cheerleaders tossing a member in the air .
an asian woman sits and serves a meal that she has just prepared .
a group of ten people posing outside of a classic-style building
several people are wading in a river in a deep gorge .
a man wearing no shirt is trimming his beard with an electric trimmer while standing in a driveway .
several people are ascending a set of stairs while holding umbrellas .
billy gibbons of the band zz top playing a fur covered bass guitar .
a young girl in a blue t-shirt is looking through a telescope while another girl in a red shirt watches .
a black dog chasing a brown one .
pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall .
asian crowd with attractive woman in foreground
a woman with brown hair is smiling and is wearing a convention-type badge .
a woman is walking on a rope by a lack as the sun sets .
man holds up seafood platter and smiles .
two individuals are getting married .
the kid in the blue shirt attempts to hit a tennis ball .
an overweight person walks through a corridor .
two men are using tools cutting into a green trailer .
a young girl is sitting at a table writing .
a teenager doing tricks with his favorite bicycle .
a woman in a red shirt is cutting .
a man with a walker walking on the sidewalk in front of a mural of different things painted .
a group of people outside with boards and construction tools .
a little boy and a little girl outside of a storefront in a city .
a couple embraces against a graffited pillar while a man take a photo .
two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains .
a group of kids play musical chairs with white lawn chairs .
an old man with blue eyes wears a big black hat .
a couple walks past lanterns and people eating at a restaurant .
a man in blue overalls and a green hat stands in a small boat .
three people playing musical instruments and singing on a stage .
a woman in formal clothing climbing a tree .
a spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder .
a child is smiling while being on a swing .
a young boy with a blue jacket holding a yellow wire .
a young girl in a pink and white sweater is holding a pro ron paul sign that reads " end war . "
a group of men finish a fund raising run for haiti in 28:24 .
a man is being placed in a police car by a uniformed officer .
a man wearing a suit jacket is taking a closer look at something in a window .
a young person brake dancing on the pavement .
a man in a blue and black wetsuit sailing in a blue ocean .
a white and brown dog is walking through the water .
three children stand on the side as a man forks hay out of a cart .
a man wearing only a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and underwear talks to a woman on a city street .
a man wearing a sleeveless shirt riding a moped .
an asian women is practicing martial arts in a pink uniform .
a young couple relaxing against a stone wall .
a boy in a helmet and red tracksuit poses on a motorbike .
a man holds a baby while suspended between two buildings .
a man dressed in yellow is speaking on the microphone .
a man and a woman sit on a beach , far from the water .
man playing with fire in the street to entertain passersby .
a man walking down the street of a city looking at a car .
a woman with a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge .
a man carries a calf over his shoulders as an inquisitive cow looks on .
a man looking out of the window of a vehicle .
this white car is driving on a course with orange cones .
a female swimmer checks her goggles and head cap .
2 wet boys in blue swimming suits
two men on a couch are using laptop computers in a white room .
a traffic signal is alerting those wanting to go left to proceed while those wanting to go straight must stop .
two people silhouetted against a lake at sunset .
black and brown dog running on grass .
a shirtless man is walking in grass with his shirt in one hand .
two people enjoy the ocean while under an umbrella .
two nurses sitting on a bench waiting for a bus .
three people are talking in front of an airport
this is man standing by a fruit or vegetable cart peeling a piece of fruit .
three old men are watching another man prepare fish .
two boys with long blond-hair are climbing on a hillside .
a man playing guitar near a apartment swimming pool .
people on a beach and a sign that says " dangerous shorebreak " .
a woman is having her foot examined by another woman in a run-down building .
an old man is holding up one dog while his other dog climbs on his lap .
guitar player with white hair standing in front of a mic .
a blue motorcycle and sidecar is being raced on a wet track .
a man in tan pants laying on the ground in front of a lake .
a woman is sliding down a water slide with a little boy on her lap .
children in uniforms stand in the road with a dog .
a man with a hand bag is looking at the scarf he 's wearing
a child is given a medical check up by a doctor .
a woman in a hijab reads from a piece of paper with the help of a microphone .
two men standing next to a fire at night .
a boy and girl are standing together , one is holding a plate of desserts .
a young boy wearing sunglasses and carrying a soccer ball walks through flowers .
a young boy is kneeling on a white floor next to an orange cloth .
group of friends sliding down a sandy hill .
two girls in puffy skirts are dancing in front of some musicians in the street .
a woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something .
a group of people running of the sand dune at the beach .
a man with a hooded sweatshirt bows his head in a cathedral .
two people are having a nontraditional marriage outside and without traditional tuxedos or dresses .
an elderly man in a blue ball cap staring at the ground .
a man with no shirt on playing the drums .
a person is walking around at nighttime in an isolated area .
a woman is sitting on a bench reading in a park .
a shirtless man in black pants is pulling the leg of another man in green pants .
two bikers wait to cross a street at a crosswalk .
two children play at the beach , having made a hole and a pile of sand .
a man wearing a large sombrero walking down the beach with a woman .
a man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit at a table watching .
a young girl wearing bunny ears takes the wheel on a video racing game .
a blond guy in a green sweatshirt is eating a sandwich .
a brown dog is jumping up at a black and white dog .
two white , long-haired dogs playing in the ocean
a man in a gray shirt playing a whistle .
men on a field all wearing uniforms and competing against each other in a game .
a captain checks the life vests of his passengers .
two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them .
a dog is jumping over red , white , and blue hurdles .
three girls dressed up dancing on city street
a woman in a black swimsuit is brushing her hair on the beach .
four boys from two lacrosse teams run down the field during a game .
women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .
two young males working in a garden .
an empty stadium with people shooting a movie about baseball .
firefighters and policemen are responding to the scene of a car accident .
a boy is driving a toy tractor while another boy attempts to jump into the trailer .
a man keeps order on a crowded street of people .
a man in a blue beanie and blue sweater is handing a woman in a brown jacket a plastic bag .
a young woman is jumping up to hit a volleyball while playing beach volleyball .
the dog is lying on the cobblestone street .
a man on a segway speaks to a couple of ladies .
man playing electric guitar live during a concert .
a woman sitting on her stoop next to a bike
a lady gazes at a fountain while a man walks by .
a local band performing at a local venue .
a man is standing on a metal roof spraying red water hose .
a little girl hugs another little girl .
this is a man without a shirt jumping on a trampoline .
four people maneuvering over a snowy , rocky terrain .
a soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move .
two motorcycles parked in one parking space .
a woman in a red and blue shirt is staring at a poster on the wall .
a man playing a guitar outside a building with colorful decorations
a young boy in patriotic shorts running on the beach .
a painter in a blue shirt and hat is painting .
brown and white dog with baseball in mouth , field and building .
people watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field .
two bicyclists ride down the street past people while talking .
people of a gondola floating in the river with woods in the background .
a young boy is sitting in front of a computer and typing words onto the screen .
ice hockey players are sitting on the sidelines .
two young boys in bathing suits walk
a nurse checking the health of another woman in a medical clinic .
a goal defending the goal in a hockey game .
a small group of people are standing talking to each other outside .
a group of men in uniform and formation carrying trumpets .
a man looks out of a window while holding an acoustic guitar .
three boys are standing on the ledge outside of a building .
five girls are leaping simultaneously in a dance practice room .
a woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge .
three people dressed in green feather costumes dance in a festive parade .
a woman is running by people on bikes .
a large number of people are waiting for their train .
a group of six asian children playing tambourines .
a man in a blue jump shoot practices ninja jumps for a crowd of people .
several dogs in the snow , all harnessed in a line .
construction workers building a frame for a structure .
two men on a dock talk to the passengers arriving in a red boat .
a young man in a black shirt and blue shorts is playing air guitar .
a woman in a green tank top runs in a crowd of men during a race .
a man treads through a large puddle in the street of a poor-looking neighborhood .
a young couple , in wedding attire , standing at the top of a knoll .
three children play in the snow in an urban area .
a man fishing along the pier catches something as ships sail in the background .
a worker making sure his machine is working correctly .
several people work on a machine .
a group of people are laughing , and a baby in an orange shirt is looking on .
a man flips his skateboard on a flat expanse of concrete .
two women in blue shirts laying down concrete tile outside .
a man is walking in the shade of a market .
three males are walking across a field .
two women , one with purple hair , holding signs advertizing free hugs .
a woman in a purple hooded sweatshirt leans on a wall .
a woman sitting with a guitar talking to a man sitting with an umbrella .
a woman plays an ornately decorated piano while the man next to her plays a recorder .
three people loading or unloading their car .
a young child in red pants walks while three people look on .
some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building .
a group of boys walk down the street carrying produce .
a person holding the leash of a dog as the dog sniffs the horse .
a goalie blocks the puck in a field hockey game .
a woman is sitting on a concrete bench in front of a loaded bicycle rack .
a man in a sweatshirt places a garbage bag over a mailbox .
a few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop .
a wedding photo of a bride with purple flowers and her groom .
a woman is reading a magazine as she waits for the train .
two men are watching something .
a family is sitting on a blanket in a grass field along with other families .
a box is in front of a likeness of a wizard on the street .
a man in a shirt that reads hippie killer smiles at his girlfriend in a return of the living dead shirt .
a boy wearing the number 53 is running with snowshoes outside a brick building .
a young boy in black pants and a blue shirt has just kicked a soccer ball .
a clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth .
a male is riding a skateboard on a road while another male sits and watches from the curb .
a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk
female tennis player wearing yellow shorts .
man in his seventies wearing a colorful outfit on the side of the street with his bulldog .
man carries empty coke bottles on his head across dirt road .
man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment .
a man takes a picture of another man at the beach .
a couple embracing while standing on a rock .
people in orange shirts roll carts while people watch them .
a brown dog is standing in a lake .
a man with a cane and a boy are walking on a sidewalk .
a terrier who jumped up has a red ball in his mouth .
a man is seen through the window that has intricate detail .
an old woman wearing a rainbow scarf searches her purse .
a woman with a shopping bag is standing in front of some stores .
a group of men and women are praying outside .
a tri-colored dog is jumping over obstacles .
a small white dog rolls over on the grass .
a man in a jacket is standing in the snow watching .
an orange cat with black stripes on a beach .
a woman carrying a white ball is running behind a small boy .
two children ride in a red seat on a fair ride and smile .
a skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope .
women and handicap girls sitting in wheelchairs are wearing red shirts and have their faces painted .
tourist taken pictures at a building in china .
a typical gas station image on a sunny day .
a girl wearing glasses and a polka dot shirt is smiling .
a woman in jeans and a sweater is packing a rubber tote .
a man is running on the beach with no shirt on .
a male is diving into a swimming pool in a natural setting .
a man and woman wearing white shirts and jeans resting on a rocky surface .
people using pay phones in a building .
a man is disposing of liquid located inside the cardboard container .
a person who was riding in the snow and appears to have crashed .
a billboard of a man is above a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a little toddler trying to look through a scope but ca n't reach it .
a bride and groom are standing in a filed making poses for a picture .
a young man is standing in front of a group holding a few papers .
women taking picture of underside of bridge .
a long line of camels , each carrying people pass a sign in a desert area .
a few men sitting on sofas , playing a board game .
a man in a suit looks worried as he walks don the crowded street .
a football player leaps in the air while another tries to hold onto his foot .
three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones .
three men who appear to be involved in cleaning up the street and sidewalk .
a man is sitting on the grass holding a baby in front of him .
a woman is walking along side her bicycle during a race .
one couple is kissing against a wall while another looks on from atop the wall .
a man and child are talking a walk through a park .
two women are pushing strollers on a leaf covered walkway .
two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .
a shirtless man wades in smooth blue water .
a man in a gray jacket eating a sandwich .
three dogs racing down a snowy path together .
several children are holding up picture frames to their faces .
snowboarder in midair performing a stunt on mountaintop .
a tan and black dog walks happily through a field .
a boy is swimming in open water .
a male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an olympic event .
a man performing a skateboard jump off the top of a ramp .
six young women are playing string instruments such as cellos and violins in a room with wood paneling .
two yellow dogs run together in green grass .
a group of people are gathered , watching a television .
a blue-haired woman in a tight black dress raises a fist and holds a microphone to her mouth .
a man and a woman are jumping in the air on wet sand at the beach .
man in drooping swim trunks pushing baby stroller along edge of beach .
a ballerina in a greenish and blue outfit leaps during her performance .
a boy and girl putting frosting on cupcake .
two females , one in a pink top the other in white , walking down a street
two people sitting out looking at the water .
a woman is using a laptop in a restaurant .
a man with sunglasses is sitting on a deck .
a baseball player is about to catch a ball or has thrown it .
a little boy in a teal uniform swinging a baseball bat .
a officer in the military dancing with a young woman in a blue dress .
a young girl dressed in a uniform is holding a very long stick .
a woman has a green and white jacket lifted up over the top of her head .
a bicyclist in a full face helmet negotiates an outdoor course on his bike .
a man and a woman walking down a sandy path surrounded by trees
three gentle men having a discussion about the seminar they just attended in florida .
the motocross rider wearing blue and black pants .
a snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain .
a man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book .
a topless man smokes a cigarette in a park .
muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track .
the man is attempting wheelie on hi moped in front of his fascinated family .
the young girl makes a wonderful snow angel on the ground .
man in visor and polo shirt holding electronic device near a sports field
woman in a black shirt using an espresso machine .
a man with brown hair and glasses having a cup of coffee and eating something crunchy .
two people stand on a dock looking out to a great lake .
three little girls standing in a living room , each holding a baseball and wearing a pink glove .
a woman in a blue shirt and red glasses holding something on a bus .
a man wearing a blue shirt is sitting .
two black dogs splash through the waves on a beach .
four children and a woman are tending sheep in an arid location .
car speeds through a racetrack and throws up dirt in the air behind him .
a group of people are surfing in the ocean .
two boys are swimming underwater with a woman in the background .
people are at the beach there is a cruise ship in the background .
man in yellow shirt waiting for his car to be washed .
five children are sitting on a wooden stairway posing for a picture .
someone on a bike in front of a large historic building .
a woman working on her computer in front of a bright yellow wall .
a greyhound is active in a grassy field .
city crew workers are painting signs on the road .
a woman in a purple jacket walks by two elderly men outside a cafe .
a dirt bike rider in a neon green outfit entertains the crowd .
three dogs run through shallow water .
a woman in a teal bikini top is walking .
a man wearing colorful clothing and white sunglasses is playing a large drum with his hands .
men with orange wristbands perform a dance .
a woman holds a small infant over a skateboard at the beach .
a woman in a lab coat and glasses taking a photo of herself in her mirror .
the man with the cowboy hat and blue shirt is taking a break from his work .
two woman spar in a kickboxing match .
a woman is looking at the nutrition facts of a food item , while her friend plays on her smartphone .
two elderly woman are talking at a gathering .
man with a huge backpack climbing up a snow path .
a woman in green boots and a green bag talking on her cellphone as she walks .
a woman is wearing a green striped shirt and a brown skirt .
several people are dancing in some sand .
a boxer punches a boxer in the face .
a baby wearing an " elmo " and " big bird " bib is eating .
a fireman is climbing firetruck ladder , make is way up to a fire .
a woman looking at a young blond girl with pigtails .
a person does a handstand with a snowboard on a yellow ramp .
a man is sitting on an upturned white bucket playing a banjo .
a young person with rock climbing gear rock climbing on a artificial rock wall .
a musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk .
three football players playing a game while fans watch from the bleachers .
a girl and her cat are curious to see how this airplane is built with legos .
a snowboarder with a colorful board in the air .
numerous men wearing orange and reflective clothing pose for a picture .
a man has his hands up while standing next to another man with a drink .
many people are walking or standing on a busy city sidewalk .
a man in a headscarf and a black jacket holding something
a middle-aged woman walks out of an airport as a family passes by behind her .
here 's an interesting shot of a couple captured seemingly in midair !
two teams , one in white uniforms , the other in red , are playing volleyball in front of a crowd .
a man with dreadlocks smiles while sitting in a dj booth .
a man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
a man lays in the snow while a girl stands next to him .
a person in blue shoes and pink shirt with headphones riding a bike .
a large group of people mingling in a room with a tile floor .
a group of people standing on a vehicle with a large pair of white wings .
a brown dog shows his teeth .
a man wearing an apron works in a crude , makeshift lab .
two girls hold up another girl and smile for the camera .
a boy jumps high indoors while a woman sleeps on a nearby couch .
a man in a red helmet rollerblades near the beach with two dogs on a leash .
these is two women , one with a red skirt and one with a blue skirt , dancing on a street
two runners with marathon tags wearing black shirts .
a woman who has her feet kicked back on a couch wearing black sandals and a dress surfing the web on her laptop .
two people wrestling while someone else stands above them .
a man in a cowboy hat with a guitar singing into a microphone .
asian man in red flowered shirt and hat in discussion with two other men
three individuals sit outside in the sun , on benches , absorbing the sun 's rays .
a boy with a bright yellow soccer jersey on kicks a soccer ball .
a woman playing hopscotch with a set of concrete inside the grass .
a man is on a bicycle while carrying a lot of wares to sell
cooking hot peppers in the cold winter !
several people look down from above the first floor .
man walking three dalmatians along a palm-tree lined street .
people are sitting at desks in a library .
the girl in pink does a midair leg splits .
three men and a boy ride an orange roller coaster .
the brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture .
a group of people are walking down a rural street .
several young adults are gathered around a kitchen counter .
several people standing around and operating computer equipment
people are eating at a restaurant , some are eating while others are ordering .
dog is jumping up on a very green lawn to catch a frisbee .
three men stand around in bright solid colored shirts and colorful hats .
airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel .
people mill about a large are with a round desk .
a man in a red shirt plays tennis outdoors .
a collie is running through an obstacle course
two men use tools to rip bark off of a tree .
a young girl is smiling in front of the camera at a park .
the man in the glasses is working on a laptop computer .
children wearing red formal attire act silly together .
two men stand in front of a wall with spots .
a girl is playing in the ocean at dusk .
a gymnast practices on the rings .
a guy is winding up to throw a green bowling ball down an alley .
an elderly woman holding a small child as they both feel sorrow .
some men are walking during a sunset .
two ladies hugging each other and enjoying a nice laugh .
a blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway .
man in black tux singing his solo part in the performance .
a woman with a scarf around her neck stops and stairs at the camera .
three basketball players during a game , one is trying to get the ball through the hoop .
a bunch of people standing and sitting in someones home .
a young boy lies almost prone on a structure resembling a whale .
a man in the foreground exercising on a weight machine and a woman in the background on a treadmill .
a nun eating at a table , in a crowded restaurant .
an old man with a beard dressed in a gray tank top .
a man is on a small pull along trailer working with landscaping material .
a group of people are at an amusement park .
a person in a hang-glider .
a man is on his back in a rocky cave .
man talking on cellphone outside of a jewelry store .
a woman is sitting against a brown house with the numbers 4315 on it .
a lady wearing a checkered scarf around her neck is talking to a person in a striped sweater .
a man in a green jacket stands next to a man in a yellow jacket , who is looking at his leg .
a per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket .
a black dog plays with a toy on the grass .
a woman is putting a band on a cigar in a factory .
a black , brown , and white dog is carrying a frisbee .
a male in a red t-shirt plays a guitar in a room full of people .
a young boy swings a large stick as a crowd watches .
two women dressed in white are standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella .
behind a " 3rd st. " sign and traffic light , building construction continues .
three men standing together next to a wood-paneled wall .
a person with a cane takes a nap on a park bench .
a group of guys playing soccer in a park with onlookers in pavilions behind them .
people in a horse driven red carriage in a city near a parked car .
a child is laying down in a playground , while another child observes .
two women hold up a flyer for the movie " prom night " .
a boy in over-alls blowing bubbles in a field .
two little kids laugh at a park .
two people in racing clothes and helmets are riding motorcycles .
a man prepares to drill a hole in a pumpkin .
kids playing on a playground with a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper .
a young woman holding a drink is crossing a busy street .
a glass blower shapes a bottle with a furnace in the background .
two women are sitting in a cart while a man pulls them .
two fencers are in a bout in a white gym .
two men one wearing blue and one wearing orange run around the track during a race .
a man in a suit is jumping and clicking his heels together .
the two people are crossing the river by walking on the rocks .
four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room .
children are contemplating their next move in a game of checkers .
a dog biting at its own rear .
two firefighters are putting out a fire at a dump .
three rugby players all trying to catch a ball .
sometimes it is fun to be with the family outdoors .
two dogs look at something splashing in the water .
a man in a blue shirt is bowling .
a little boy with a bib on is watching the camera .
a group of men pulling a fishing net onto the beach .
a man with a red shirt zipping up his zipper .
a boy is firing a gun at a bullseye attached to a hay barrel .
a man is walking down the sidewalk near construction work .
beautiful scene of a building in shadow with birds flying and a colorful sunset in the background .
people enjoy playing dress up for a special event
a man floating on an innertube .
a man takes aim at a golf ball as his swing is fully extended behind his back .
a group of friends are getting ready to go skiing .
a woman and child are at a park manipulating one of the toys there .
the flag of a country is being held in a crowd
the dancer gets her final makeup before going out on stage .
a man with a blue helmet is on a motorcycle on a blue skied day .
a couple and two girls are looking over a clear railing .
a group of people gathered out on a deck .
young men play ice hockey while spectators look on .
a man and a woman sit together on a beach as the sun sets .
this is thursday night at the local club , just wait till friday night .
a girl and a toddler are looking in different directions on a sidewalk .
two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .
an african-american man wearing a blank tank top is dancing .
a man is kneeling down on the floor while drawing with chalk .
a blond woman in a gray t-shirt is putting her hand into a stock pot in her backyard .
a young woman in a blue helmet climbs a rope on the side of a grass-covered mountain .
two men in safety harnesses climbing on a construction of metal bars .
two women , one with a child on her shoulders , are walking against a wall along the side of a road .
six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf .
people walk down a sidewalk lined with pastel colored buildings .
six women are standing in front of a group of onlookers .
a boy smiles while he loads up his toy with fake bullets .
a man is sitting on top of a snow covered mountaintop .
a man in a red and white uniform bikes a trail .
a group of football players in red and white uniforms .
skateboarder jumping in air and his skateboard is between his legs .
a dog carrying a stick while walking in water
a group of people playing soccer in a less developed part of town .
a woman next to a dog which is running an obstacle course .
a young girl in camouflage face paint is holding a pink sign .
a man lounging in a red sectional sofa in home store .
a woman doing a high jump at an olympic meet .
a young girl in pink plays in the street with a toy .
a girl with headphones is running next to some street signs .
men dressed as if they are in the 17 hundreds with a very large set of buildings behind them .
a large crowd of people jumps with their hands in the air on a green lawn .
a man is writing calligraphy at a street stall while another man watches .
a surfer falling of his board into a wave
a construction worker is carving a pipe .
a young woman wearing a turtleneck and black jacket is smiling for a picture .
two men with spurs on their boots are standing behind a truck .
a man spoon feeds a baby in a toddler 's seat .
a man in black poses on the left as a girl with a backpack runs on the right .
the people are standing around at a carnival .
the maroon team faces off against the yellow team at the line of scrimmage in a youth football game .
a man in a brown shirt is holding a blue hat above his head and a red hat on his elbow .
three men are performing in a band , two on guitars , and the third on drums .
woman with black hair and sunglasses riding a motor scooter .
an old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar .
a girl playing is a pile of colorful balls .
a small girl in yellow slides down an orange slide .
the dancers show great precision and balance with outstretched arms .
two large gray dogs running through a grassy field .
man walking by a celtic ireland business on a sidewalk .
two people hiking up a snow covered mountain
a young man prepares to ski down a snowy slope .
a black and white dog plays in the water .
people entering a train that is stopped .
a guy holding onto a tight fishing pole while on a boat fishing .
a woman with bright orange hair and a blue-green dress is walking on the pavement .
two children are in a tube and is sliding down a water slide .
a bicyclist near town is racing in a race while , wearing yellow and a helmet .
a man and three young boys stand at the edge of the ocean .
a man is hiking on a path , surrounded by trees , wearing a hat and carrying a water bottle .
the woman walking the dog is holding the hand of the child on the unicycle .
someone playing with their dogs on the beach .
a teenage boy wearing a blue and white uniform playing a form of hockey .
a woman in a green coat is standing by a scope pointed towards the sky .
a stone worker is chiseling at a large piece of rock .
a dark-skinned man sleeping on a bag with a newspaper on his lap .
quit a few people in some sort of city and one is riding a bike .
a man in nice clothes is trying to balance on the end of the bulldozer bucket .
a woman is sorting white tall candles as a man in a green shirt stands behind her .
a young boy , wearing a colorful t-shirt , runs through a street fountain located on a riverfront .
this striped tabby cat sits alone looking for some food on the street .
a policeperson is near a police motorcycle .
person in checkered shirt and red pants riding a motorbike down a road .
shirtless man sleeping on bench that has words matulog .
a man on a city street is taking a photograph of someone dressed up like a spaceman .
a young lady posing in full pride for a spot that she is proud of .
the yellow dog is playing with a soccer ball .
stargazer in a leather jacket prepares to gaze at the evening sky .
two people walking down a sidewalk , both of which are carrying balloons .
a female violinist in a black dress is performing .
a young women plays golf on a grassy turf .
a man is standing on the edge of a small embankment .
a person with red gloves carries a shovel through the snow .
a group of men are on a stage and playing guitars .
a wakeboarder is jumping a huge wave .
a group of girls posing for a picture in the street .
an older gentlemen with a hat lining up a putt on a golf green
two people work at a street vendor in the rain .
a man wearing glasses and a beret sings into a microphone .
a black and white dog is chasing a ping frisbee .
many people taking pictures of the mountains in front of a no truck sign
a group of four women are sitting and talking .
a man sits , selling flowers and vegetables on the side of a busy street .
high school football players practice while coach watches .
a tan dog wearing a red shirt runs through the grass .
a young woman performs a balance beam routine in front of spectators .
a crowd on a hill is watching young dancing girls wearing pleated skirts .
two coated women stare into each other 's eyes .
the field crew clean up water from the track after the rain .
beach scene with young woman in skimpy bikini top in foreground
two dogs are running through the grass .
a yellow lab jumping up into the air to catch a soccer ball .
kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football .
a young man is performing gymnastics to impress a young woman .
a little black girl is holding rocks in her hand .
a young man with a pink comb in his hand and headphones on poses for the camera .
a man sings as another is playing guitar .
five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments .
man with black shirt , making dinner , looking at the camera while cutting meat .
a man and woman walking in between two buildings .
two people on stage hold a pose , as other characters stand on the background .
a man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river .
three dogs with tongues out running on the grass with a tennis ball .
a man in a pin striped suit is laughing with another man .
a camerawoman in black pants is bent over carrying a camera .
a lady and two elderly people are slicing cheese .
a person dressed in natural clothing taking their picture in a mirror .
people chilling in at forest next to canoes .
a teenager is punching a punching bag in a gym while another man watches .
an swimmer swimming in a swimming pool .
a smiling woman and several other people wear blue aprons and prepare food .
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .
a soccer player in a red shirt kicks the ball while another player in a black shirt tries to stop him .
four school aged kids are playing dodgeball in the gym
a couple are trying to find the place they want to go .
a young boy presses his face into his plate of food .
a line of people waiting outside the magpie cafe during the day .
two girls dance as a small band jams on their brass instruments .
a man in a yellow boat paddling against waves .
a pitcher prepares to throw a ball on a green field .
a young man leaps in the air while playing basketball .
a group of people walk down a city street at night .
two people descending a set of gray steps .
a band is playing on a stage while a lady sings .
a cowboy on horseback is attempting to rope a calf .
an asian woman holds up her hands and the girl next to her watches .
two men are skydiving over a large blue body of water .
a man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money .
a fencing match between two participants with an audience looking on and another fencer behind them .
young man and woman stretch out on stones , packages in foreground .
two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing .
a crowd of young adults outside a nightclub .
a guy with a yellow bracelet cutting into a cake .
man beating on pots and pans with a wooden spoon and stick .
a person rides his bike over graffiti drawn on the ground .
a man rollerblading down a path through an active community .
mother with two boys , one acting goofy and the other giving her a kiss .
two people share a lane on a red rubber track as the run into the curve .
a man in a blue hat and sandals rides fully seated on a skateboard .
a small child squats and puts dirt into his mouth .
the small boy is excited he will be riding a go-cart .
street side concession stand worker icing cupcakes for customers .
many people are walking in a plaza with buildings of asian architecture .
the children and their parents are waiting by the steps .
the dog rolls over to scratch its back in the sand .
a blond on a cellphone wearing a pink tank top .
two men are in mid jump and they are both wearing long-sleeve shirts .
a jewish man holds a menorah next to armed guards
children resting and walking up many steps .
an old man sits outside reading a newspaper .
group of adults sitting around table listening to presentation
two blond female wrestlers in the ring .
these two women are having fun while taking pictures .
a man sits alone and plays a cello in front of a group of people
a man in a blue wetsuit surfs .
a man in a blue shirt is riding a bicycle down a long paved road .
there are people listening and dancing while a live band is playing .
a rider on a dirt bike is doing a maneuver in midair over a dirt mound .
elderly gentleman with long hair speaks into a microphone .
two men overlooking a construction site where they are starting to level .
a brown-haired woman prepares here camera to take a photo .
a man in a white shirt is eating , standing next to a fence .
people looking up at the sky at something .
people throw confetti at newlyweds as they come out of the church .
ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights .
a man sits at a computer work station beside a woman and uses the computer .
a dj in a club , adjusting levels on his mixing board .
worker wears a mask to protect his face from spicy chili fumes .
a person pointing something funny out to other people .
a black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
a child with a one shirt and blue shorts is holding a toy .
an indian man is writing on something in a crowd of women and children .
a man sitting on a railing at a concert .
a black and brown dog running across the grass .
a girl about to serve a volleyball that is in a tournament .
the teenagers are fighting over a basketball during a game .
a girl carries a sign that reads the rescue while a group of people follow her .
a man is carrying a board with many pairs of sunglasses .
someone in a museum explaining something to other people , who are sitting down .
a smiling man in a red shirt sits at the wheel of a blue truck .
a man on a white bike doing tricks on rocky ground .
a young , blond lady sits thinking on an orange and red striped sofa .
three young people huddle together under a blanket outdoors .
a bike rider jumping into the air over a wooden ramp .
a group of men in german dress raise beer steins in a toast .
a young boy is touching the stomach of a pregnant woman .
a photographer holds up the camera to get a better shot .
two men in blue and black vests are being pulled in rafts through the water .
a brown dog is running by a wooden fence with a ball in its mouth .
a religious robed man on his cellphone looks on as a group of women soldiers chat while holding guns .
a group of people are on a mountain facing the ocean which is a deep color of blue .
the boy wearing an orange sweater is carrying a book .
a toddler in a white hat resting in a pram .
two gentlemen are half buried by a natural disaster .
two young people are together in the woods nearby camping supplies .
a yoga instructor teaching a yoga class or friends doing yoga .
a little girl dressed in white is playing with water .
the large dog wading in the water and shaking .
a man in a blue shirt and gray pants is sleeping on a sidewalk bench .
girl wearing purple jacket rides a red snow sled .
a motorcycle racer leans into a turn on a sunny afternoon .
a man in a yellow shirt looks through a blue bag .
workers in yellow and orange outfits are working at a construction site .
a man with a long ponytail is working on tiling a floor .
man selling ice cream takes a break underneath a window .
a man in a red outfit and black helmet is performing a stunt on a bicycle .
two people watch tv from over a white ledge .
a man with glasses and a hat sitting on a bench outside holding a dog leash .
a man wearing a white shirt standing in a room full of people .
a group of people stand around a pool table holding pool stick one is wearing a black and white striped dress .
a few children are playing in fountains .
people walking a standing in a city park .
a child wearing a striped shirt is in the middle of kicking a pink soccer ball .
two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms .
a small boy sitting in a big chair playing on a computer .
a man in a brown shirt is trying to pick a lock with an object .
a band playing from the point of view of the audience .
an asian man is kicking something to someone .
a man is sitting down with mountains in the background .
a graduate student stays up late to do research on his laptop .
two young people are jumping off of a concrete ledge on to the sidewalk .
a woman in a red shirt , white hat , and white shirts is playing tennis .
a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole
this is a long alleyway behind row houses .
a man in a blue shirt eating on a deck outside .
man in a bath with eyes closed with head almost completely submerged .
two black dogs are playing tug-of-war with an orange toy .
someone climbing a rock upside down
one person is kissing another person on the left cheek .
a boy rides his skateboard across a pipe on a building .
climber scaling rock at night .
people are commuting around a busy city intersection .
a man and a woman being intimate , with their legs in the water .
a group of girls wearing " volunteer for parks " t-shirt are standing outside a building .
people in white standing on sports field while crowd watches from stands
a man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear .
a man builds an elaborate sand castle on the beach .
a group of skiers are hanging out in a snow-filled atmosphere .
the brown dog is sitting down on a snowy path .
two men are approaching a gold colored statue of gandhi .
a man is shoveling snow between two pickup trucks .
a swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air .
a boy and his younger brother playing together at the playground .
a golfer wearing white pants and blue shirt and a white hat taking a swing in the sand .
a tennis player in mid game holding a racquet .
a woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a large dog .
a young boy turning the wheel on a merry-go-round .
a person walks along a beach at sunset carrying a surfboard .
a man seated in a chair has his hair rinsed and washed by other men .
a homely looking woman is doing a dance .
a group of 6 children varying in age from 7 to 14 are sitting around a dinner table ready to eat .
a young boy in his middle childhood is kicking his soccer ball .
a girl is throwing a bucket of water at another girl in a pool .
a young child is washing his hands with soap in the kitchen .
a little boy plays with a water toy while others watch .
one rugby player trying to catch the player with the ball .
a woman tries to cover her face while riding a moped .
two men in shorts are boxing inside of a cage .
a woman in a psychic readings shop reads a customer 's palm while other women wait .
a young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree .
a group of people walking on the sidewalk , while one man is looking for something .
people walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display .
a professor in front of his class giving a lecture .
a man is watching a woman bowl while another woman smiles .
a young mariachi band playing for people to hear around them .
two citizens await the u7 train at the wilmersdorf strasse station
a group of men are seated around a table and eating .
two boys playing flag football with purple jerseys .
people riding their bikes on a crosswalk to cross the street .
a man wearing a cowboy hat and a blue striped shirt sticks out his tongue as he is on his cellphone .
a skier in electric green on the edge of a ramp made of metal bars .
a young girl wearing sunglasses fishes on a pier .
a gathering of people sit at a long white table and eat .
a skateboarder skates in the pool .
many people are standing or sitting on the beach on a sunny day .
two people on a city street looking up into the night sky .
a young female technician in a white coat works in a modern laboratory .
three men are playing guitars and on man is playing the drums on a stage .
two workers , working on a rooftop , looking over a town .
senior citizen shops for shoes with a sombrero on his head .
a tall wrought-iron fence casts horizontal shadows in the sun on a woman 's back .
two guys are looking at female manikins outside the window of a store .
it 's summer time and two girls play with bubbles near a boat dock .
a man is sleeping while sitting on a bucket next to two fishing poles .
a clown making a yellow balloon animal for a woman .
people surrounded by green are sitting .
the brown and black dogs are carrying a big log in the meadow .
a gentleman carrying the 2012 olympic torch being follow by a car on a people lined street .
girl in pink shirt sitting and a girl in a black tank smoking a cigarette .
a white woman in a white dress is preparing a great feast in a nice kitchen .
a tan and white dog runs through water .
construction workers in front of a large building .
a family sits around at christmas time , some playing jenga while others play with children .
a man in a white shirt and plaid shorts sits down .
two women in coats look out into the surf .
scaffolding ladders placed on a stair way path .
two men are preparing their beverage stand .
two young man holding one leg in their hand
woman in swimsuit helps man with sunburned back .
a man working in a yard using power tools .
sheep cluster together in a field while a dog is nearby .
a man carries a large red bucket and a hose while his donkey looks on .
a man wearing glasses is holding a pan and tossing it 's contents into the air .
people are taking pictures across the water .
guy in red uniform bouncing a soccer ball off his head .
a man doing a high up jump on a bike with a cityscape behind him .
two men stop to talk , standing on chunks of tree trunks .
two men in front of a projector screen , one at a microphone .
a woman wearing a red costume looks at two other people standing on a street .
many people are watching two men performing in a busy street .
a man throwing a frisbee as another man watches .
a man is taking a turkey out of the oven , wearing black rubber gloves .
a group works on a project involving a piano and has 53:11 remaining .
young adults posing in spooky lighting .
a group of men wearing hard hats and safety vests are standing on a large metal structure .
a cyclist performing a jump on a bicycle .
a clown balancing a yellow plate with a long pole on his nose at a park .
men in black clothing and women in white shirts some with color , reading or singing from a book .
a fluffy brown dog jumping with a ball in his mouth .
three dogs greeting each other in a field of green grass .
a smiling blond girl crawling into a moonwalk .
a brunette female wearing a gray hat is near a cluster of rocks by the bay .
a young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop .
a man with glasses just sat down and is ready to eat his burger .
two asian girls are standing outside a red brick building
the baby is tired of the hike he took with his parents .
the boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt .
two hipsters strolling down the street with ridiculous looking clothes on .
a man riding a blue motorcycle jumps over a ramp .
an elderly man with a cane is out shopping .
a woman practicing shooting her gun at a shooting range .
a group of people in an alley looking at the camera .
an old man dressed in med-evil clothing holds an axe while standing on a hill .
a small child is holding a mop next to a washer and dryer .
a clown is applying eye makeup in an outdoor urban setting .
two construction workers standing on scaffolding .
the performers are putting on white headbands for their performance .
two men standing in front of the bean in chicago .
young black boys walk around on sand on a sunny day .
man in black playing with lion statue 's tail .
numerous asian people are seen on a street doing daily activities .
a dog runs down a beach holding a yellow toy while another chases it .
a man in a gray hat pushes some type of equipment over ice .
people are riding on a ride at a theme park or carnival .
child in the light with a look of awe on his face .
a boy has climbed to the top of a slide .
two women in matching black and green outfits leap in synchronization during a play .
people going through sand dunes on the way to the beach .
a woman in a blue jacket is walking next to a poster of two green figures that look like men .
a basketball player in a duke uniform looks up .
photo taken from inside a restaurant of people on the street .
a man performing a trick on a skateboard at a graffiti covered skate park .
two boys playing a game of flag football .
a girl wearing makeup playing a bass .
a race dog with the number seven runs fast on a dog track .
people walking on a path in front of a bridge .
woman jumping into the air while singing into a microphone .
three guys in blue and gold enjoying a game .
a man and a woman look at each other passionately as they dance in a studio .
two people are looking at a gray and yellow object in an ice rink .
a woman in a purple blouse sits on a blue bench .
dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth .
a man in a shirt and black vest carrying a folder across a street .
tribal woman and child staring at each other in the jungle .
a blond women crosses the street in business attire .
a group of robed indian woman on a street by an old stone wall .
a soccer team in navy blue running onto the field beginning a game .
two people are in a room , one man is putting on a shirt and tie .
a woman wearing a pink sweater is burning incense .
a catcher in a baseball game in the act of tagging out a base runner at home plate .
a man crouches under a truck hood 's shade to fix it .
a girl in red pants riding on a moped .
outdoor group exercise for people getting healthy .
three tan dogs run after a tennis ball .
two dogs in a field , facing each other .
three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water .
marathon on wheels to help victim of breast cancer .
two men install a statute and sign on top of a tree .
a young boy is playing around on a tram .
an overweight man riding a bicycle to work
three young men in a room two of them are standing and one is sitting in a chair .
a man with an eye mask is taking a nap on the grass .
a woman in a blue shirt is running behind a black dog .
men are sitting at a table with a tv in the background .
a tall bird is standing on the sand beside the ocean .
a bald man is looking out at a crowd of people .
two dogs are bearing their teeth at each other .
an individual is walking out of an place .
atv racer leans into the corner to maintain his balance
a couple sitting together on a flowered sofa with an older woman .
a man lifts a child up to reach the bars at a playground .
two ladies discussing something while one holds a bag .
two men eat on a bench next to a sleeping man .
man in a colorful tye-dye t-shirt doing a trick on his skateboard .
a contestant in a skiing contest passing a tree .
a man wearing a superman costume and a cowboy hat holds a pink sign as he walks down the street .
a man in formal attire plays a piano on the sidewalk of a city street .
three men are smoothing out the ground with brooms and other tools .
three men dressed as chefs cook in a professional looking kitchen .
ashtrays and drinking glasses litter a dimly lit checkerboard .
five people wearing lanyards are sitting in front of a green and white wheel inside a room .
there are three policemen and a police motorcycle .
a child in the middle of a city courtyard in front of some stairs is flying his kite .
the fireman is pulling the hose to a car fire .
a man and his son riding bikes down the sidewalk .
a little girl about to hit a baseball off a tee
a man in a black jacket and jeans standing in a workshop filled with tools .
people sitting on a rooftop looking out into the water .
the car leaves a dust trail as it goes around the dirt track .
a smiling old woman in india is covered by a safron shawl .
two football players make a play , while the other team looks on .
a man dressed in white serving a tennis ball .
a dog runs across the leaf covered ground .
black dog running fast on a field
a group of people walking a city street in warm weather .
a van with flags advertising floats , boogie boards , umbrellas , chairs , and surfboards .
family posing for a picture on top of some rocks by a lake .
a man with a white shirt and glasses is sitting on the ground .
a man wearing a blue and black striped shirt skateboarding down a steap street
man with ponytail looks out a window and shields his eyes .
a woman in an ethnic dress is playing an instrument .
a brown and white large dog plays in the water .
a man and small boy are playing with a wooden toy track system on the floor .
a man who uses a cane walks over the white lines of a crosswalk .
a young blond girl holds a beach ball in the middle of a grass field .
a person in a wetsuit is surfing on the water .
a woman playing tennis , picture taken in mid-jump .
a basketball player jumps for a shot while another attempts to block him .
a crowd looks on as a cowboy rides a bull at the rodeo
two girls are on their knees picking flowers in a field .
a man wearing glasses sitting at a desk with a large pile of papers .
tennis player jumping in the air with racket .
a man with a beard in a captain suit with a bike next time him .
a woman in a tank and sunglasses climbs a sunny but snow-covered slope .
dog in desert area with distant man in background .
a person walks along a trail towards a bridge .
a man in a black jacket plays the guitar out in public .
two tan dogs playing together in a fenced yard .
a group of young people is gathered around and drinking .
an elderly asian women rests on her shovel after a snowstorm .
a man is bending down to look at something on the sidewalk .
some kids are gathering leaves and putting them into trash bags .
two children in spider man costumes going down the slides at a park .
six boys and girls are playing in the water , one of the kids is being held up by his friends .
football players huddle and get ready for the game .
