a cameraman and field reporter film a news segment on a street sidewalk .
a group of travelers of various backgrounds walk down a hallway , carrying and dragging their luggage .
an black female on team blue chases a basketball between one other female teammate and two female members of team white .
two women and two out of frame people playing a game of monopoly .
a girl on a stationary bike posing in her bikini top and bottoms wearing fishnet stockings .
the south american dancer is with a small boy during carnival ' .
person trying to dig something out of the ground wearing a blue sweater and hood .
three people sitting at a round table are looking at another man pointing at something written on the wall .
six people are sitting in a shallow creek making mud castles .
an elementary school age boy with a bowl haircut playing with pokemon cards while wearing red penguin footie pajamas .
a few people standing around five orange port-a-potties which are placed in the middle of a city .
a police officer wearing dark pants , a long-sleeved blue shirt , white gloves , a white hat , and an orange " traffic " vest is standing in the street directing vehicles .
a snowboarder in a white coat in the air after a jump .
a brown dog opens his mouth to catch a piece of food .
several players playing a game of hockey outside on the road .
a smiling girl in a white t-shirt and pink pants , smiling and standing in a contraption .
a man in the foreground wearing a white shirt and black pants riding a bicycle with a basket in a busy street .
young cheerleaders in pink and white colors perform their routine on a small , wet stage .
an older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water .
a man wearing an orange jumpsuit and gray sweatshirt works on the side of a railroad track .
a man wearing a green hoodie sweatshirt and large earphones is standing on a sidewalk listening to something on a portable music player .
a band with two women and one man is on stage playing music .
four men are shown playing rugby on the beach in front of a crowd of spectators .
a surfer has just fallen off his surfboard and only his feet are visible above the water .
the woman is wearing a yellow coat and is walking down a city block that seems upset .
three men playing football where one guy wearing a red uniform is holding the football , the second guy wearing a red uniform and the third guy wearing a white uniform .
a man is taking photographs of a large garden of white and orange tulips .
an older man is playing multiple instruments while others look on .
a child wearing a blue short-sleeve plaid shirt and brown cargo shorts is squeezing the face of a man wearing a gray hat , blue jeans , and a blue t-shirt .
the blond man is sitting on a case at the beach waiting to take a picture of the sunset .
students taking study time to study , read paper or daydream at the window .
the boy wearing the red top is standing by a fishing rod looking over the jetty fence .
two dogs sit in the shade and lick each other 's face .
several women dressed in gypsy-like clothing dance about in a forest .
a young girl wearing a green and white shirt with a pink sweater tied around her waist , sits on a railing .
a man wearing a red shirt , brown shorts , and red and white nikes is jumping in the air to hit a tennis ball on a court .
group of people in life jackets watch two you boys play with two sticks like swords .
a woman and her daughter plays on the beach while the father watches in joy .
a big brother walking his little sister through a walkway on the family property .
a group of smiling teenagers sits at a table while playing a board game .
a photograph with bizarre lines separating degrees of brightness depicts an old man and a young woman dancing at a fancy party as several people look on from their tables .
an innertube is being worked on a bicycle by a male and female .
band playing in a dark room , with the center member singing and playing a red guitar ; keyboardist behind him to the left with another guitar player on the right .
a woman wearing a blue shirt and a shirtless little boy are walking through a forest .
a smiling boy plays inside an inflatable yellow and white toy .
one person wearing a black hooded sweatshirt is running away from a fire while someone else is close by behind him .
a young girl is stroking a white bunny rabbit that is sitting in her lap .
the dog with the green collar and ball is running behind the dog with the red collar
a construction worker in an orange vest is looking at a train tunnel with a kennington sign on it .
three construction workers wearing white hats and neon green vests stand against boating rail while a bridge and city sit in the background .
a skateboarder wearing a blue shirt and black slacks rests on the ground and looks toward the camera while is skateboard sits in front of him and a steep incline looms behind him .
a man in a blue shirt is looking to the left while many people are in the background .
a well dressed asian businessman walking ahead of a poorly dressed asian man in front of a white tile wall .
dancers of varying ages on a stage , little girls in pink and white , older girls in pink and green holding up bows , and girls with white pants and asian inspired tops .
a man with a determined look on his face holds a small wooden hammer while wearing a bib displaying a large red crab , another red crustacean held in his hand while another man sits and holds some food behind him .
a man is holding a very long leash attached to a very large dog who is smelling the grass .
young child in pink top and purple pants clutching a turquoise guard rail .
many people walking down a street and one person is dressed as santa claus .
two women dressed in black , both with brunette hair , standing in the middle of times square , nyc .
a middle-aged couple smiles from a round outdoor wooden jacuzzi .
a young boy in a trench coat is holding a red bottle outside of a brick building .
a man in a green shirt directs trucks in preparation of the racetrack .
seven women stand and sit around a waters edge and one of them women sitting in the middle with her bare feet in the water drinks from a water bottle .
a woman wearing a bright red shirt and a yellow jacket is ladling something into a metal pan while surrounded by fresh produce at an outdoor market .
a woman with dark hair and a white shirt sitting at a table holding a young child with shorts and no shirt .
a soccer player dressed in red takes a leap in the air as his teammate looks on .
wearing a white hard hat and green shirt , a bearded worker climbs up a power or telephone pole .
three children wearing santa claus hats smile , arms raised , in front of a christmas tree .
a flower vendor in purple stands in front of his flowers with his arm stretched out with many people around .
boy is covered with a pile of golden leaves with only his face and upper chest showing .
two wrestlers on a large blue mat with an inner white circle put on an exhibition match to a crowd of onlookers in the middle of times square .
a man and a woman , both holding packets , talk to two seated men in a well-lit lobby area .
spectators watch as a stunt plane with colored smoke trails flies over the beach
the camera was tilted to the side to show this small room containing a number of different umbrellas in solid colors of red , blue , and black , most of them open and on the floor , while a woman stands behind them near the door to the room .
a young boy with black hair and sneakers is skipping over painted figures on an asphalt surface .
two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk .
a man in a white shirt is working on a laptop while another man in a black shirt points to something on the screen with a pen .
a surfer catches a nice wave in the ocean and tries to pull himself up .
a person is doing a back flip while other people and cars go by in the background .
two women look at the camera while a young man with glasses looks at one of them .
two young african american boys sitting at a desk in a classroom .
small child in white shirt and print shorts with hands over their head standing on object .
a young girl in pink is standing on a sidewalk looking at fancy dresses on display .
a smiling young girl with blond-hair , blue eyes , and a pink shirt , is holding a yellow flower towards the viewer outside .
a guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a taught chain near a canal .
a man wearing a blue collared shirt and a black newsboy hat plays an accordion next to a stone wall .
under the circular mirror , a guy checks his mobile phone while sitting alone at the restaurant table near the wall .
two men wearing surgical masks seem to be doing surgery while one person watches and another is partly hidden in the background .
four people rollerskating with spectators in the background .
the white and brown dog is running over the surface of the snow .
a woman wearing glasses is smiling as she raises her fists in the air .
two asian children working on bicycles at a shop in front of their mother .
overhead shot of 2 teenagers both looking at a shirt being held up by one of them .
a male with brown hair and glasses , sitting on a step in front of a home .
a youngster straddles a small makeshift bench while his companion plays in the doorway nearby .
a young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing .
a group of kids are writing with a black marker on one of their friend 's back .
after being thrown in the air a young man dressed in a blue t-shirt and black shorts is getting ready to be caught by other young men in the same type of t-shirt and black shorts in a gym with softball championship banners hanging high in the background .
an asian lady is a preparing a meal with various ingredients before her ; behind her is a brick wall .
a group of people are sitting in front of a red brick and white trim building .
a group of people are wading though a stream between steep rocky cliffs .
a young man shaving his beard outside in front of a garage while someone else holds a mirror for him to see .
people holding umbrellas over their heads walk up a staircase next to an escalator .
a member of zz top is playing a guitar covered with fur on a stage with a flashy microphone and stand in front of him .
a woman wearing a blue shirt looking into a black telescope during the day while a woman in a red shirt stands behind her .
a black and white dog is running along side a small brown or white dog in the grass .
a middle-aged man is standing next to a white wall underneath some catholic theme pictures .
girl in a black and red shirt is standing up with a pole in her hand surrounded by people .
a smiling woman wearing a metallic gold suit smiles in front of a pink glowing , crowded room .
a woman is attempting to walk a tightrope with onlookers nearby a rocky shored lake reflecting sun .
a older man is presenting a plate of three octopus on a colorful plate .
a man and woman stand at the altar to say their vows and get married .
three people seen playing tennis with a shopping cart full of tennis balls .
a small dog is looking at a man walking towards the front of the store carrying a basket .
two men with skill saws taking apart an old trailer to demolish it .
brown-skinned girl pretends to do her homework while someone takes a picture for social services .
a young man flies through the air in a no hands stunt on a bike .
a woman is cutting something with scissors .
a painting of a city with a old person with a walker , some people running , a person with a grocery cart , bald eagle in the sky , and a person floating above the ground .
a carpenter wearing a tool belt and red cap bends over to pick up a 2 x 4 while several young people which include a boy wearing a green vans t-shirt and a girl wearing a white t-shirt and jeans stand around the construction site .
a little blond girl with a pink dress and blue pants walking away from a little boy .
a man and a woman pose together awaiting their picture to be taken by a kneeling photographer surrounded by graffiti .
two men are jumping in the air whilst crossing a wooden bridge .
multiple children in bright colors are playing a game of musical chairs .
the man is wearing a black hat , a beige shirt and has his sunglasses hanging off the shirt .
a man in a black shirt walking down a crowded street with a girl in a flower shirt and capri pants following closely behind him .
a man with a green hat in a small boat named " texas mooring " , in the water .
an acoustic guitarist and lead vocalist , electric guitarist , and a keyboardist play a gig at a swanky venue .
a girl in a blue dress , wearing a blue sweater , hanging out in a tree .
a woman is walking in front of graffiti-covered walls , and she is hunched forward carrying a large red cloth bag .
a blond boy in a white and orange t-shirt is playing on a swing .
a little boy with glasses is working on a electrical experiment project .
a little girl is holding a colorful end war ron paul sign , some adults are also standing near her in the picture .
runners are photographed as onlookers watch and take pictures of a run for haiti .
on a city street , police are putting a handcuffed suspect into a patrol car .
an older man wearing a suit has his arms folded behind his back and looking in a store window .
man breakdancing while trying to push himself off the ground , while his legs are in the air and hands and head on the floor .
a man in a black and blue wetsuit is out on the ocean sailing on his surfboard .
a brown and white dog trots across shallow water with his mouth open .
a man in a white shirt shoveling compost from a horse drawn trailer .
a man with a guitar , in cowboy boots and underwear , is standing in a street next to a woman , with yellow taxicabs in the background .
a man with a white tank top is on a scooter is driving up the street .
a young woman in a pink outfit practices martial arts on a covered patio .
a girl in black sits on a lawn by a stone wall with another person in a rust-colored shirt .
a young boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycle .
photographed from below , a somewhat husky man wearing a white and black windowpane-plaid shirt and dark trousers is holding a little boy who is wearing orange pants and a navy-blue shirt .
an asian long-haired man wearing a yellow hat & long-sleeved shirt talking on a microphone
a man in a white t-shirt and a woman in a red top are sitting next to each other on the beach .
in the center of a town there is a man in this streets dressed in shorts and a t-shirt performing for those who pass , while a woman watches .
a man is walking around in the city where behind him is traffic and a group of people .
person in a yellow shirt and black shorts stretching on a bridge .
a man carries a young cow while two cows look on from the distance and one cow has its mouth by the man 's hand .
a man in a black vest tries to open the window of a white and yellow van .
a car with white smoke trailing behind it on a black topped surface .
a female swimmer with goggles is fixing her swimmers head cap as she stands near a pool the background is out of focus .
two athletic-looking young men with wet hair and wearing swimming trunks appear to pause after a swimming event .
two men are sitting on a white couch in a white room using separate laptops .
a stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a man in a white hat and blue shirt bikes along a red path .
two people are silhouetted against a lake reflecting a painted sky .
brown and tan dog , mouth open with tongue hanging out , running in the grass .
a shirtless man with long hair holds wooden sticks and his shirt next to a cement staircase .
a couple is fishing on a sandy beach while relaxing under an umbrella .
two women wearing medical scrubs sit side-by-side at a bus stop .
three people standing near each other wearing coats with other people in the background
a man with a blue shirt and red scarf on his head holds a piece of fruit in front of a wood container full of fruit while a boy bicycles behind him .
a young man in a blue sweater cleaning fish while three other men watch , one a man a cigarette , or match in his month .
two children posing for a picture wearing water wings and sitting on a rock .
a man sits alone outside next to the pool while playing an acoustic guitar .
a sign indicates " dangerous shorebreak " on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach .
one woman gives another woman a pedicure in a small apartment , as yet another woman watches .
an elderly gentleman sits on a couch while holding a small dog as another small dog investigates the situation .
a blond man in a white coat standing in front of a microphone with a guitar .
a man races in a small vehicle while another man hangs off the back .
a man relaxes lying down on the grass at a park area , between two trees , facing a small lake , with buildings and cars visible across the lake .
a woman slides down a purple water slide with a small boy on her lap into a pool .
a yellow dog stands in a road surrounded by children in blue shirts .
a person fixes their scarf in front of other people who have blankets set down in the city square .
a man in a white shirt , presumably a doctor , listens to a young woman 's heart through a stethoscope .
a young woman wearing a traditional headscarf reads text from a paper into a microphone outside in an urban setting .
two men in black hoodies , one of which is smoking a cigarette standing next to a fire .
a young brunette girl in a robe with a plate of treats is next to a young brunette boy in a red shirt with silverware and a red cup .
a young boy walking through the grass with a lot of white flowers around him whilst holding a soccer ball .
a small asian child is kneeling down on the floor and looking up into the camera .
five people jumping of the side of a small dirt ledge .
two women in fluffy skirts dancing to music played by men , asking for money , while others pass them by .
a blond woman wearing glasses and a gray sweatshirt is cutting something with scissors .
a group of people on the beach run in the sand away from the water .
a man in an orthodox christian church is praying by a sepulcher .
an overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day .
an older man wearing a blue hat and dark clothes , sits on a ledge with a bag resting near his feet
a man with no shirt and black pants is playing the drums .
a woman wearing a light colored jacket walks down a street at night next to parked cars .
a young woman wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .
a large crowd of elizabethan england costumed people observe a wresting match of shirtless men .
two people on bicycles sit at a corner crosswalk in front of a red brick building while another bicyclist rides by behind them .
a little boy digs a trench on the beach while a little girl carries a minnie mouse bucket from the water .
a couple in bathing suits are holding hands and walking down the beach .
six people sit around a large rectangular table watching a gentleman write on the whiteboard up front .
a little girl with long blond-hair in a ponytail wearing a black and white polka dotted dress with pink trim and rabbit ears sits in a red chair playing the speed up video game .
a young male who appears to be in his late 20 's or early 30 's is smiling while about to bite into a sandwich .
two dogs play in a large fenced-in area , while two men watch from a distance .
two dogs playing in the water , one is bounding at the other .
an asian man in a gray shirt is playing a small wind instrument made of wood .
during a rugby match , a player in black is on the ground on his back , while two opposing players in white are hunched over him trying to take the ball and other players are rushing to assist .
a group of people are putting on life vests and are lined up against a wall .
one little girl dressed in pink watches another , also wearing some pink , jump on the trampoline .
a black and white dog jumping over a red , white and blue striped pole
three women in festive dresses are dancing in a large city street while a large crowd is behind them holding up a banner .
young lady in black swimsuit sits on a beach next to a backpack while brushing her hair .
a group of young boys in the middle of a lacrosse game , two members of one team are running behind two members of the other team .
two beautiful women , one is wearing white and other is wearing black tops have some good time at a restaurant .
a man in a blue shirt watches a man in a black shirt and jeans lean against a shovel that 's embedded in a patch of dirt in a garden .
a baseball team in blue jersey shirts are practicing batting at a stadium .
a group of police , firemen , and men wearing a red cross on their clothes stand outside of a black car .
a young boy is driving his pedal-powered , toy tractor outside as his friend jumps around in the background .
the person towards the right is wearing riot uniform while people seem to be filing out .
three women taking food items given to them from a man in a blue jacket from the back of a truck .
a girl in a white tank top and bikini bottoms is playing volleyball on a sandy beach .
a yellow dog is lying near where people are walking .
a man in white pants and dark shirt standing on a people mover and conversing with two young ladies .
old guitarist in white clothes performing to an audience .
a woman sitting on a porch next to a motorcycle sewing some pink fabric .
two people are next to a fountain with a red bottom and arches of water .
a group of people sing and play instruments in a room with brick walls .
a man in black is cleaning the roof of a building with a jet of water .
a young child is being held by another child looking straight at us .
a shirtless young man wearing worn-out jeans and socks does a back flip on the trampoline .
four mountaineers are walking on a trail under the moon that is visible in the blue sky .
a soccer game between a team with blue uniforms and red uniforms where the ref or a coach is talking to a player .
two harley-davison police motorcycles park in a single parking space .
a woman examines a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lights .
a man on the street standing in front of an " alessi " sign is kneeling , tuning his guitar .
a young boy running on a sandy beach wearing red , white , and blue swimming shorts .
an overhead view of a painter working on a scaffold .
a closeup of a small black and white dog with a baseball in its mouth .
a large brown dog climbs over a tall fence while three people look on .
two smiling cyclists both dressed in competition gear , bike by a graffiti wall and stationary planter as several people look the other way .
eight people on a boat on a river and some of them are trying to keep the sun off them with umbrellas .
young boy sits on a computer chair while playing a game on his computer screen while his hands are on the keyboard .
a hockey team in red and white on the side of the ice rink .
a bunch of little boys in bathing trunks running .
a nurse is checking the woman 's blood pressure using a blood pressure pump and a pink stethoscope .
a hockey player in a black and white uniform guarding the goal .
two girls stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the men behind the merchandise counter .
men dressed in red , white , and black are lined up , each with a trumpet in hand .
a man is holding a guitar while looking out a window towards the street .
three young men , one in long pants , two in shorts are standing outside of a dilapidated building .
five ballet dancers caught mid jump in a dancing studio with sunlight coming through a window .
a woman with silver pants and pink bellbottoms , and a pink scarf riding her bike by a fence , with buildings in the background .
in a parade , three girls in green uniforms and green and yellow feathers are dancing down the middle of a street .
a woman wearing black leggings and a black tank top is running in a race while bicyclists follow not far behind .
many people walk and stand on a crowded street , carrying bags .
a group of children stand together , playing various colors of tambourine .
a crowd of people watch a street performer do a trick with a fancy pogo stick .
a group of dogs harnessed together to pull something in the snow .
a large group of people working together to build a small structure at a small construction site .
three people in a small boat next to a wooden dock where two other people are standing .
a young man is walking around a theme park while a line of people waits for a ride in the background .
a group of people running a race outside wearing short-sleeve shirts and shorts .
a young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle .
a groom and a bride are standing on the grass with his hand on her waist .
a boy in a red jacket and earmuffs is sitting in the snow in a city setting .
a man wearing a brown jacket , blue jeans and a cap is standing on a dock and fishing on a sunny day .
person welding a large green pipe with welding equipment on .
a group of men are changing the shells on a cannon .
a woman in a white dress , a man in a green shirt , three other people and a child are visiting inside a home .
a teenage boy doing a skateboard trick while another boy rides on a skateboard in the background .
one lady in a purple shirt is handing another lady in a purple shirt a shovel .
a man in a white tunic is standing in the marketplace .
three boys are in the park watching kids play .
a young woman dressed in black and another with purple hair hold up signs offering free hugs .
a woman with a large purse resting her foot against a wall .
a girl with a guitar and a guy with an umbrella sitting in front of a gate on the sidewalk .
a woman is playing a piano with a landscape painted on it beside a man who is standing and playing a wooden recorder .
three young people standing outside of an open tailgate of a vehicle .
people look at a storefront display of a human like figure as they pass by on the street .
the man wearing orange is dropping tools from the upper scaffold to the man in the red vest on the lower scaffold .
barefooted children walk on a dirt road while carrying plastic bags of produce .
two horses greet a man in red pants and a black shirt , while a dog on a leash attempts to jump the fence .
five men playing a sport on a field with multicolored shirts on .
a woman in a short , sleeveless bright orange dress and black leggings sits on a cement bench looking down , with numerous bicycles parked behind her .
a man in a black sweatshirt covering a mailbox with a trash bag .
a group of people sitting on top of rocks with snow covered mountains on both sides of them .
a bride in a white dress is holding a purple bouquet whilst standing next to her groom .
a red-haired woman dressed in black looks down at the papers in her hands as a subway train approaches .
two young men dressed in black stand next to each other looking at something .
a young family enjoys an outing on a blanket in a crowd of other people with the same idea .
a statue of a wizard holding a gnarled staff sits in front of a stone wall as a small white pale in front suggests an offering .
a woman with tattoos and a black t-shirt smiles and talks to a man with a partially shaved head wearing shirt with the words ' hippie killer ' in white letters on it .
a young woman wearing snowshoes running on the snow wearing blue pants and a striped sweater in front of a brick building with two other people in the background also wearing snowshoes .
a little boy who appears to be about 5 years old is shown kicking a white volleyball .
a man with black hair is wearing a red and yellow shirt and has a yellow clown nose and face makeup on .
a guy wearing shorts and a white t-shirt is skateboarding down the road , while someone sits and watches him from the curb .
someone in a light shirt is walking past several large trees overlooking a city .
the girl in yellow shorts and white jacket has a tennis ball in her left pocket .
an older gentlemen wearing a white hat is sitting on a stool outside on the sidewalk while his dog patiently waits for him .
a person in a white shirt with blue stripes is holding a large bucket shaped object on the head .
a man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise bicycle and is working on the control panel of the machine .
two men are standing on a rocky shore , while one photographs the other .
a man and woman stand on a boulder by the river as he sweeps her off her feet .
a crowd is watching a group of people in orange shirts put on an exhibition of some sort .
the brown dog is swimming in the water .
an old man and a child walk together along a pathway near a building .
a little brown dog stands on his hind legs with a red toy in its mouth .
a blond man in a tan colored shirt is leaning against the window on the inside of a building with a fish like design on the windows .
wearing a brown jacket , multicolored scarf and purse , an adult female walks along a sidewalk while looking downward next to a green pole with plastic wrapped around it .
old woman with a white sweater and shawl standing at a shopping center in london .
a large group of people are gathered in a courtyard , with some laying on mats .
a black and white dog is running down some white steps .
the yellow dog wears a blue dog tag and rolls on a green field .
a man with dark hair and a brown jacket frowns as he stands in the snow .
an animal running through the sand at the beach .
a woman holding a ball chases a small boy running in the grass .
two kids are on a fair ride and are slipping to one side of the car .
a man wearing a red shirt , hat and brown pants is on a skateboard going down a ramp .
a woman in a wheelchair with red dots on her face smiles as another women with red dots on her face holds her wheelchair while others look on .
tourists visiting china have come to see it 's amazing architecture .
a guy outside of a gas station wearing no shirt and behind a red truck .
a young blond woman in a polka-dot outfit and black glasses sitting in a restaurant .
stacks of neatly folded clothing cover most of this floor while a woman with a beige shirt and jeans busily fills a suitcase .
a shirtless man in shorts and shoes runs along a beach , while children play in the surf and a surfer looks out at the waves .
a man is in an enclosed outdoor swimming area and diving off the edge into a pool of clear blue water .
a man in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses sitting on a rock with a woman in a white tank top , blue jeans and glasses standing over him .
there are four people talking in the phone booths .
an old man with a cigarette hanging out of his mouth standing in front of a fryer while holding a carton of cooking oil .
a young woman dressed for the cold and wearing snowshoes , sleds on a snowy day .
a poster depicting the president of poland hangs above a mcdonald 's restaurant .
a small child , wearing a striped shirt , is unable to see down the tube of a telescope .
a man and woman in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photographer , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .
a young man is holding some papers and standing in front of a whiteboard and overhead screen .
a woman in a blue jacket talks on the phone a the boardwalk .
in the desert on a cloudy day , a long camel caravan makes several curves away from the camera , the last camel passing a sign along side the trail .
two young men are playing a board game in the living room .
a man in a black suit is walking up a street carrying an accordion file and a cellphone .
a football player in possession of the ball gets tackled by a football player on the opposing team .
three gentlemen wearing jackets and holding microphones standing around a table , waiting to either begin or continue sportscasting .
a man in orange and yellow uniform sweeping debris and trash off of the street , while another man in the same uniform is standing next to a trashcan .
a man in blue t-shirt and jeans , sitting with a baby in his lap .
a bicyclist is walking her bike through deep mud in a race .
a man and woman are looking over a brick wall at a beach scene with a man and a woman embracing at the bottom of the wall .
a young child in pink pants is watching as a man in a blue shirts walk down a trail .
two mothers stroll their children in the park , during the beginning of autumn .
a woman with a ponytail and wearing a floral patterned dress is holding a teacup and saucer while speaking with another woman who is also wearing a floral patterned dress .
there is a man in shorts wading out waist deep in the water with nothing else in site .
a man in a gray sweater is eating a sandwich with meat .
three dogs jump , run and play in the snowy landscape .
a group of children sticking their own faces threw picture frames .
a person is flying through the air on a snowboard as the wind picks up some snow .
the large brown dog is walking through the green grass .
the small child comes up from underwater .
a man dressed in all red is playing his sport with an official in black watching the bounds of the play area .
a skateboarder becomes airborne at the top of a black and yellow ramp .
a group of six casually dressed white females are reading sheet music and playing stringed instruments , 4 violins and two cellos , inside a performance area .
two small dogs that look almost identical are playing in the grass .
several people are gathered around a monitor in a dimly lit room .
a teal-haired woman in a very short black dress , pantyhose , and boots standing with right arm raised and left hand obstructing her mouth in microphone-singing fashion is standing .
two people , one man and one female , jump into the air with great excitement while a beautiful , sunny beach and a grassy cliff is crashed upon with ocean waves in the background .
a man pushing a baby stroller at the beach , a woman with a little boy ahead .
there is a woman , who is all dressed up in a beautiful multicolored tutu with a tiara , doing a split in midair for a performance .
young boy and girl squeeze tubes of frosting onto cupcakes with adults around them .
two young women walk side by side with a large group of people in the background .
a man and a woman are looking at a body of water with their backs towards the camera .
a restaurant or cafe contains an elderly couple conversing and a woman working on a macbook .
a man wearing sunglasses and a gray t-shirt is sitting in a chair .
a male baseball player for the baseball team the indians prepares to catch a ball .
the boy in the blue shirt is swinging a baseball bat towards a ball as the boy in the red helmet waits to catch him out .
a man dressed in a military uniform gets a kiss on the cheek from a woman in a blue dress .
a child is holding a rod while standing on a bridge near a grassy area .
a young man with a jacket over his head contemplating his strategy before his event begins .
someone wearing a white and blue uniform is riding a mountain bike on a bumpy trail
a man with a white t-shirt and a woman with a sleeveless dress walk down a dirt road together holding hands .
three men standing with drinks in their hands having a conversation under an outdoor shelter , one man appears to be wearing a jewish cap .
person in blue jacket on a bike on a dirt course with people looking from behind a red and white barrier .
a red-clothed snowboarder is performing an aerial trick .
the elderly , overweight man is wearing a hat , moccasins , and a purple shirt while reading a book on a sidewalk in front of a tree .
a young , shirtless man wearing sunglasses smokes a cigarette in a field .
two greyhounds with numbers run in a race on a track .
a man on a four-wheeler is raising his front tires on a public road in front of spectators .
a young child in a red jacket and jeans lays in the snow to make a snow angel .
a man wearing a white shirt is carrying a headset communications device along the touchline in a sports stadium .
an african american woman donning a black t-shirt with the text " your daily cup " works behind the counter of a coffee shop .
a man wearing glasses and holding a cup of tea in his left hand is biting on some food that he is holding in his right hand .
the two people are on the end of the dock with a boat behind them , and they are surrounded by water .
three little girls in blue jeans smile at the camera as they hold softballs and pink baseball gloves in a living room .
a bus that 's being driven by a man that seems to be giving a tour by the woman .
a balding man in a blue shirts and shorts sit on a playground toy
a black dog runs across the water at a beach while another follows .
a group of old and young people standing in a dirt field with a herd of sheep against a deep blue sky .
a car throws up a large amount of dust and rocks as it races by spectators .
surfers in swimming trunks riding waves on their surfboards in the blue ocean .
two boys are swimming underwater in a pool and a girl is swimming in the background .
a large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas .
an expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open passenger door side .
five young children are seated on a wooden staircase , surrounded by forest flora .
there are many people sitting outside of a building with statues .
a woman with blond-hair is sitting in a booth with a drink working on her laptop .
the skinny dog with the long tail is traveling through the field .
city workers loading a stencil back into their truck after painting the ground .
two men sit at a cafe talking , while a blurred woman in a purple overcoat walks by .
a man trying to stand in his motorcycle as he attempts for an incredible trick .
three dogs , two brown and one black , run in the surf .
a young woman in a bikini top and jean shorts is walking outside on a nice day .
a male drummer wearing sunglasses and a yellow t-shirt bangs on a conga hand drum during a street festival .
four young men wearing red ribbons on their wrists are making gestures
a woman in a brown coat places a baby on a skateboard that is on a wooden runway on the beach .
a white female med student wearing glasses , a white lab coat , jeans , and sneakers and holding a gray microscope kit is taking a picture of herself in a full-length mirror she propped up beside her desk full of books on chemistry , organic chemistry , and biology .
a smiling man in a blue shirt and straw hat is standing inside a brick structure .
two people kickboxing , with others spectating .
a woman in a plaid shirt looks at a box of food while another woman to her left in a blue shirt is texting on her phone .
two elderly women with gray hair engaging in conversation .
a man wearing a large backpack is navigating his way through snow covered terrain .
a woman with a white jacket , leggings and blue boots walks down the street while talking on her cellphone .
a woman in brown shorts and green striped shirt stands with a small bag on her back .
a group of people dancing on a beach in front of a truck
a fighter attempts to kick another fighter while the other fighter blocks his kick .
a young boy in a sesame street bib sits in his highchair and opens his mouth after eating baby food which was being fed to him by a parent .
a firefighter climbs a ladder towards a building that is on fire ; smoke is everywhere .
an older woman and a young girl face each other over a kitchen counter .
a snowboarder hangs upside down from his board during a maneuver in front of a crowd of people .
a man playing a banjo during street fair , catching the attention of people walking past .
a child is rock climbing while wearing a white safety helmet , white shirt , blue jacket , blue jeans and white sneakers .
a man plays the accordion while smiling at a woman passing by with a group of people , and she is also smiling .
two american footballers in red are confronted by an opposition player in purple and white whilst being watched by spectators in a stadium .
a little girl dressed in pink on the floor playing with a toy airplane with a cat looking on .
a man dressed in layers is attempting a trick on his snowboard .
a group of construction workers wearing orange and yellow hats , orange reflective vests , orange pants , and brown boots are standing at a subway stop .
the man wearing the brown jacket is holding a cigarette and the man behind him is holding a can of beer .
a group of asian men and women talk to each other as they walk down a busy street corner .
a man dressed in a white robe and black jacket with a scarf on his head stands in the doorway holding some sort of animal head in his hands .
a woman wearing a jean outfit and a messenger bag is posing in front of an airport .
a man and a woman are jumping in midair and holding hands , a cloudy sky in the background .
two volleyball players standing next to a net that is part of an indoor court , celebrating a win or a point scored , with several people looking on .
a radio station dj with a full beard and long dreads , smiles for the camera .
a man and a woman are walking past a car with a fancy symbol on the front .
a couple is playing in the snow and he has either fallen or is going to make an angel .
a man in shorts and a pink polo shirt , with a large black backpack and headphones , riding a bike .
a group of people are either standing or sitting , some are wearing hats and scarves , while some are not .
some people are standing up in a truck , or a large vehicle that is without a roof , that has normal ist anders painted on the right side of the windshield .
a brown doberman is outside with a stick in its mouth .
a man wearing a blue apron in a room filled with equipment performs a blurred action with what seems to be a pitcher .
two girls holding another girl wearing a yellow top in a room with tan carpet .
a young boy becomes airborne in a family room setting while a woman rests behind him .
a man with a red helmet is rollerblading on a boardwalk with two dogs on red leashes , a busy beach is in the background .
two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .
an ad showing coca cola in the background and two runners in black nutrilite jerseys .
a woman with glasses and wearing a dress sits on a sofa in front of a plant , with her feet propped on a stand , works on her laptop .
two men , wrestling , the man in green has the guy in black shorts in an arm hold .
a young man in a cowboy hat and yellow shirt plays guitar in front of an audience .
these three men are sitting near each other , and are all wearing short-sleeved shirts .
there is a man and a lady sitting on a bench in front of a stone building and there is another bench next to that one with a lady sitting alone on it .
a soccer player wearing bright green kicks a soccer ball so hard that it sends clumps of dirt and grass flying .
a young girl is hopping from one square stone to another , along a path .
a man on a bicycle with a lot of scissors and various small tools on the front of it surrounded by a group of people .
a girl in a gray shirt and pink skull cap is standing in a kitchen stirring food in a pan .
several people standing in silhouette looking over a balcony .
a man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .
group of people , from behind , seated in a line of desks by windows in library .
a little girl in a pink leotard is jumping and landing in a straddle split on a blue bed .
three men and a child all on a carnival ride in an orange seat .
a man is looking at the camera posing for a photo with his arm around a woman who is looking away .
a group of men and women walk down the center of a tree-lined street .
five guys and a couple of girls are hanging out in a kitchen with some food .
a person working on a computer with other equipment with three other individuals in the background talking .
a woman is taking a picture of her food while eating while the man next to her eats while looking at a man reading a book .
the black and white dog tries to catch a red frisbee on green grass .
two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera , while a third man stands behind them .
a woman in tight white jeans waits with a crowd at a baggage claim in an airport .
some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .
a man wearing a red shirt is swinging a tennis racket .
collie jumping over a training hurdle that is on the grass .
two loggers work on removing the bark from a tree in a field of wheat .
there is a little blond-hair girl with a green sweatshirt and a red shirt playing on a playground .
a man wearing glasses while looking at computer code on a laptop screen .
there are four children , two male , two female , in formal clothing taking a candid picture .
a man works with a cord while near an oddly decorated fence .
a person is standing in water with it splashing all around them while another person lingers in the background .
a man dressed in white , holding himself up on olympic rings , is doing the splits .
a woman wearing black jeans and a black jacket is getting ready to throw a green bowling ball down the bowling lane at a bowling alley .
an elderly person wearing a red hat is holding a child wearing an adult sized jacket .
three people , two of them recognizable as men , walk a narrow path while outlined against a glorious amber sky .
two people , in shirts and skirts , and sitting and smiling .
woman stands in the sunny part of a shaded alleyway .
men and women with matching suits and dresses standing behind a young man singing .
a young girl with long black hair , wearing a dark shirt , gray scarf , white skirt and bracelets on her left arm stands on the sidewalk .
a basketball player , wearing a blue uniform is driving towards the basket as his teammate looks on and he is being defended by three opposition players wearing white uniforms .
a small group of people are playing video game instruments in someone 's living room .
a young man in a black shirt and dark colored jeans is laying on a metal structure that is low to the ground .
two people are working out in a gym , one is on the treadmill and the other is doing a workout for his arms .
a nun is sitting down at a table in a restaurant eating a burger with two coca cola cans in front of her with people behind her .
an older man with a gray braided beard holds his stomach while talking .
a man with a red shirt is watching another man who is standing on top of a attached cart filled to the top .
a woman in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket .
two parasailors on one parasail landing on a sandy beach in front of a large rocky boulder and the water .
a climber is climbing a rock face above a mattress that is lying on the ground below .
an older man with graying hair talks on his cellular phone as he walks out of a jewelry store while a woman in a black coat with furry fringes stands outside .
a woman with short hair and sunglasses is sitting behind a glass partition in the entryway of a building .
a woman in a cream coat and yellow scarf holding out her hand to a person in a brown sweater that appears to be taking a picture of a piece of art .
this is a woman in a yellow coat looking for something she dropped while her male companion stares at the camera .
a man in a bight yellow shirt carries his wears to market in a large basket on his head .
a black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in its mouth .
a woman with a hair bun appears to be making cigars next to another woman .
a black , brown and white dog running along with a white frisbee in his mouth .
a boy in colorful pants plays guitar and laughs together with his friends .
a boy is wielding a long white stick whilst some people are watching him from behind .
two woman in white with brown handbags , one of which is holding a big white umbrella , are standing near a booth .
on a multi-story construction site a number of workers in red shirts lean on temporary railings and rest .
two men are in intent conversation while a third looks on in what appears to be a bar .
a man holding a cane and wearing a hat is sleeping on a bench .
there are several young men kicking a ball around , with a pavilion behind them with people standing under them .
a woman wearing a white top is riding on a red vehicle being pulled by two beige horses .
a young child lies in the middle of a merry-go-round while a younger child looks on .
two costumed women holding a poster entitled " prom night " .
a boy in a plaid shirt blowing bubbles with a yellow bubble wand .
little boys points a pink gun in the air while a little girl watches and laughs .
two motorcyclists round a curve along a racing track , in close proximity to one another .
a grinning man is just about to drill a hole into a pumpkin lying on a table .
three children play with a giant sphere on a playground while an adult sits on a bench reading the newspaper .
many people walking to cross the street , one girl in a purple shirt and jean shorts .
man in white t-shirt and black safety glasses is working with a glass bottle in a shop with a rock wall .
two chinese women in authentic dress and makeup are being pulled in a carriage by a man .
two fencers practice together ; one jumps as the other crouches .
taller runner in orange and smaller one in blue run side by side around track in crowded stadium .
a man wearing a business suit and a newsie cap clicks his heels in excitement .
two young people in white shirts and black shorts walking over a river bed .
three dark-skinned children are sitting on stools , while a fourth stands , and a man sits in the background of the room .
a young boy is looking at a checkers board with one fist leaning against his head as a partially visible adult sits across the table from him , in a room full of people sitting in chairs around tables .
a brown dog is rolling around on the grass .
two firemen wearing hard hats in bangrak , their uniforms have rescue written on them , fighting a fire with water hose .
the player wearing the black and white jersey jumps for the ball amidst two players from the other team as his two teammates run to help him .
an older man in a black jacket and a younger woman in a green jacket are laughing on the beach .
a dog on a log looks at a splash in the water as another dog looks on .
man following through on a bowling shot made in an alley .
a small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware .
a group of people in a beach standing in sand holding a net , while another group of people stand in the sea holding the rest of the net .
a man on stage wearing a red shirt is zipping up his pants .
a boy taking aim at a target on a bale of hay with his bow and arrow .
a man in a white shirt and black exercise shorts walks on a sidewalk , which is located behind a street under construction and in front of a two garage house .
a flock of birds flying around power lines back to their roost in an old church as the sun sets or rises .
a group of people dressed as a wizard , queen , and possibly a lobster smiling and looking at the camera .
a guy sitting in a tube in the water .
a man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball .
the people in winter clothing are getting ready to start skiing .
a young brown-haired girl in a long-sleeve white shirt and gray pants is playing with red wooden pegs at a park .
there is a hand in front of a red , green , white , and black flag .
a man is placing jewelry on an extravagantly-haired and decorated female sculpture or stiffly-posed woman .
a man with a blue helmet sitting on his motorcycle riding on the road .
a male and three females are looking over a windowed ledge at a body of water .
a group of people with unhappy faces are gathered together most likely waiting for someone or listening to someone speak .
two white-jerseyed hockey players help their goalie defend as two blue-jerseyed players skate around the goal .
a man sits facing the sun and water as a woman kneels beside him facing the man .
a young girl is on a street near two orange cones wearing gold bracelets and a gold necklace along with a black and gold bra type top and her hair is up .
girl with glasses wearing a black horizontally striped shirt , a blue tuque , and jeans sitting on a cobblestone sidewalk and street .
a man in a white button up shirt , and a man in a brown button up shirt discussing something over a table of food .
a man in a black shirt is looking over to the left while in a crowd .
a man with blue sleeveless shirt and sunglasses paints a face while on his knees .
a blond-haired woman wearing jean shorts and a gray v-neck winces as she puts her hand into a pot while cooking outside .
a female climber attached to a rope is making her way up a steep , rocky slope in summer with a dramatic mountain background .
two people climb through a web of metal trellis wearing shorts and tennis shoes .
two women wearing hijab garments walk on a sidewalk , one of the women is carrying a child on her shoulders .
several women are gather around a table in a corner surrounded by bookshelves .
people can be seen walking down a quaint city street , past colorful buildings and cafe customers sitting under parasols , with no cars in sight .
a group of people are in a dim room as a yellow car is projected on a screen in the back of the room .
a young man with a black shirt and gray pants smiling looking down as he plays with a yellow and blue toy in the dark .
a man wearing sunglasses is sitting on top of some jagged rocks with mountains in the background .
man in a yellow and red outfit is biking down a rough trail with grass on the sides .
a large group of football players sitting on a field wearing red and white jerseys .
a young man is caught in midair while doing a skateboard trick in an urban environment .
a large brown dog with a stick in his mouth coming out of water .
a group of children playing soccer and talking outside a restaurant .
a woman is running beside a dog that is jumping over a red and white obedience training fence .
a young girl wearing yellow with her face painted waves a flag outside while observers lean on a railing outside .
a man tired on a couch just waiting to go home from work .
a female athlete performing a high jump during a competition in barcelona in 2010 .
a young girl in pink clothing with a winter vest pushes a pink toy with blue wheels .
the lady in red shorts jogs near a stop sign while listening to music .
people in uniforms are acting out a historical event using a canon in front of a large older building .
a bunch of tourists out taking photos or a family reunion photograph with a whole bunch of people by some cut out people and trees with their hands up in the air like they are jumping .
at a japanese market a man , dressed in a yellow shirt , paints out japanese characters .
a young man in swim shorts is jumping over a wave in the ocean .
a man wearing a construction vest is working on laying pipe on site .
the little girl is wearing a black sweater and standing in front of a restaurant .
two men dressed in traditional caballero clothing standing behind a pickup truck .
a man in a white shirt is attempting to feed a baby in a highchair .
a man , with both arms outstretched above him and one leg in the air , poses on a boardwalk as a woman runs by .
the game booths at a carnival are shown with a doughnut shop in the background .
two football teams are playing against each other , one team wearing burgundy with gold helmets and the other team wearing black and yellow uniforms with black helmets .
a man with long hair and glasses is making a silly face while holding two hats , one on his elbow , and one with his hand above his head .
a band playing a live performance with a guitarist , bassist , and drummer all in black shirts .
a woman drives a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind .
the gutarist upfront is under a spotlight , and the drummer in the back is under one too .
a young girl with a white shirt and pink shorts rolling around in some plastic multicolored balls
a young girl dressed in yellow sliding down a curvy , red slide at a playground .
a group of female stage performers wearing white outfits are dancing together in front of a bright pink light .
two gray , speckled dogs running down grass hill , trees in background .
a man in a blue shirt is walking in front of a store called celtic ireland .
two skis hike uphill , through a barren , snowy landscape .
a ski slope with a big red sign that says " 12 " and a person in a yellow ski jacket skiing .
black and white dog wearing a harness walking through water .
a blue , white and yellow painted rail car stopped at a station with people getting on .
a man on a boat in a blue shirt is holding a fishing pole that is bending towards the sea as if he has caught a fish .
a large crowd of people are walking around a woman wearing an orange wig and a long blue dress .
two children are sliding down a water slide on an inflatable raft .
a man wearing yellow and black is riding a bicycle over a crosswalk while people are watching him .
a father and three boys are walking into the water on the beach .
a man wearing a fisherman 's hat , blue jacket , khaki cargo shorts , and hiking shoes is carrying a gray water bottle as he walks down a trail .
a woman holds a leash with a dog in one hand and the hand of a child riding a unicycle in the other .
a man holds a stick up for a dog to catch while another dog looks on at the beach .
a boy in blue and white on rollerskates holds hockey stick with a black ball at the end of it .
the woman is using a powerful telescope to view some distant things that amazes her .
a man wearing a red jacket and gray shirt is using a chisel on an object .
a homeless-looking man is lying down and resting on a concrete floor between two red and blue pillars .
a young man with a white sweatshirt on rides his bike through a busy crowd .
a bald man in black dress pants and a white button-down shirt is standing on a section of an orange construction vehicle .
a caucasian man wearing a short-sleeved black shirt and a dark-skinned woman wearing a sleeveless dress are working at a conveyor .
a smiling young child runs through the fountain that comes out of the ground in the city , while folks watch him run through the water .
a person wearing all white is sitting on concrete while a cat sits behind them .
a motorcycle policeman observes the crosswalks in the middle of a city .
a woman wearing plaid pants rides a motorcycle down the road with a pillow and plant secured to the backseat .
a man with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a wooden bench .
a man in a black jacket in jeans takes a photograph of a man posing on the street in a silver suit .
a woman in a black dress and long hair is posing on a soccer field holding a soccer ball .
a sandy brown dog is playing with a soccer ball outside .
a young woman in a brown leather jacket is about to look into a large telescope .
two ladies in sweatshirts walk by as the boy in the beanie stares jealously at their balloons .
a smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background .
a female golfer in red pants , a black and white jacket and a white hat makes a putt during a sunny day on the green .
a man stands atop a boulder with root formation in a forest clearing .
a man walks on the street with a snow shovel during a snowstorm .
three men stand together in a circle holding instruments while being covered in a red light .
a wakeboarder is attempting a trick while holding on to lines pointed upward .
three blond girls and a brunette are posing with their heads together and embracing for a photograph on a street .
a middle-aged man in a white hate , navy sweater , and khaki pants is putting a golf ball .
a man in a yellow shirt and a woman in a white shirt stand next to a food cart .
man in a black blazer singing or speaking into a microphone , may be a musician or public speaker .
a black and white dog is running with a pink frisbee next to him
a varied group of people gather on an urban street near a body of water observing some activity off-camera .
four young trendy women sitting and talking in a public place .
a man wearing a baseball cap , tan jacket , and pants sits on the ground crafting flowers from food while others stand nearby watching him .
football players wearing helmets practice defensive moves while their coach stands by ready to blow his whistle .
a dog wearing a red saddle is running across a field with low grass and trees nearby .
a female gymnast wearing a red leotard on a balance beam with arms raised over her head .
a crowd of people sit on a grassy hillside watching three young girls dance in festive red and blue costumes .
two young women who are wearing coats sit across from each other with drinks in their hands .
three men with orange shirts sweep the water from a warning track in a baseball field .
a girl in a bikini walks along the beach with huge clouds and a sandy beach behind her .
two brown dogs are running through the green grass .
large white dog jumps in the air to catch a black and white soccer ball .
a football game amongst young boys , one team has maroon uniforms and you see about five of them , and other team has white and blue uniforms and you see only one of them , crowd of watchers sitting on sidelines in the background .
a young man demonstrating his prowess in the martial arts for his girlfriend as she sits on a concrete wall that is part of a general seating area .
a young girl with messy hair is smiling while holding two rocks in her hand .
a young man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread .
a dark-haired man standing up singing and a man in a brown hat sitting playing guitar .
musicians sitting at a table inside , playing classical instruments .
a man wearing a black shirt is giving the camera a weird look as he cuts meat with a sharp knife .
a man wearing a blue shirt with black stripes and a woman who is wearing a white jacket are walking down a narrow pathway
after a great performance , these performers bow down in respect of the audience .
a man wearing a blue shirt , standing on the railroad is taking picture of the bridge .
three dogs , one rottweiler with a tennis ball in its mouth , one irish setter and one corgi are running in field .
men dressed up for some sort of event with huge smiles on their faces .
a blond woman with a pink shirt and black leather pants holds a camera on a running track .
an elderly man at a party is picking up something from a tray on a table .
a man dressed in rags , a pajamas and a hat is taking a picture of himself by shooting at a mirror in front of him .
a group of young adults taking a break from boating .
two guys working out on a heavy bag , one is wearing a white shirt and the other a gray shirt .
a man wearing swim goggles is doing the crawl in a lane in a swimming pool .
four men and women in blue aprons strand in front of a table where there are many white plates and small blue bowls .
a woman in a red shirt and tan pants carries red and yellow flowers in a bucket on his shoulder .
an very nice capture of a soccer game going on between two men as the man from the team in black attempts to interrupt the red and white teams stride .
four people are kicking a soccer ball in a basketball court .
a man and woman are reading a sign while another woman is walking with her shopping bag .
a mall blond child sits at a table and pushes his nose and chin into a plate of food .
patrons of various ages form a line at the entrance of the magpie cafe .
two females dance together in front of a band and a banner which says " live in concert . "
a person in a yellow kayak is paddling through a river with snowy banks .
a man in a white uniform who is the pitcher about to thrown the ball .
a man in a white t-shirt is about to dunk a basketball through a net-less hoop .
four people are walking along a city sidewalk , while the one in the green hat talks on a cellphone .
two women walk down some stairs with intricate designs on the railings
an african-american band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees .
a man on horseback , inside a corral , is chasing a steer .
the older woman is using hand motions while the younger woman sits and watches .
two men , a skydiving instructor and another man are descending to the ground with a huge blue lake in the picture .
a man is holding a saxophone in a public place as a woman and a child walk by in the background .
two simultaneous fencing matches going on with the pair in the front one wearing blue leggings and one wearing white leggings as spectators watch in the background
laying on stones , a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her .
one girl wearing pajamas stands near to a girl who is holding a flyer .
many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says " hi-pointe . "
a male in a maroon shirt is using a knife to cut a cake .
a man sitting on a kitchen floor using wooden spoons to hit metal pans .
a halway has a sign that says " port du casque obligatoire " and some graffiti .
the man in the red cap is rollerskating on a path in front of the white building .
a boy is kissing a woman on the cheek next to a girl who is wide eyed and sticking out her tongue .
there are two people running around a track in lane three and the one wearing a blue shirt with a green thing over the eyes is just barely ahead of the guy wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses .
a man wearing jeans , a white shirt , and sandals with a bandage around his left ankle is sitting on a skateboard .
the little boy wearing the blue shirt is putting dirt in his mouth .
a little boy in a red shirt is making a face into the camera while waiting at a go-cart track .
a woman in a black top and gray pants ices a batch of cupcakes at a concession stand at an outdoor event , with a crowd passing by .
pedestrians walk through an open area between several traditional-style japanese or chinese buildings .
there are a lot of kids wearing coats and two are sitting and other are standing .
the white dog is on its back in the sand with paws in the air .
a sunburned girl in a pink tank top talks on her cellphone .
two men both wearing jeans jumping in the air in front of a picnic table sitting in front of a stone wall that has a wire fence and trees behind it .
a man is carrying a menorah down a street behind a woman in a red shirt .
two people stand on the steps of a large outdoor set of stairs made out of stone .
a man wearing a red shirt sits on a cement bench and reads the paper .
several people are sitting at a meeting room table with computers and memo pads and some are watching a big screen tv that 's hanging on the wall .
two female professional wrestlers are in a ring in the air and about to hit the floor .
a woman in a dress is holding a camera next to another woman who is laughing .
a man is seated in a chair holding a bow for his instrument in the middle of a brown floor .
person with a blue and black suit is surfing .
a man wearing blue is biking on a long , empty , road with grass on either side .
an older white couple ( man and woman ) dance outside on a park sidewalk while a band plays underneath a gazebo and people on a park bench watch .
a person in a dark shirt and shorts and a white helmet is jumping a bicycle over a mound of dirt .
a man with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stage .
two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the boundary of a forest , while a bulldozer sits idling nearby .
a woman in a floral patterned blouse takes a photograph with a point and shoot digital camera .
an older man , with a dirty white tank top , eating something from his hands .
many people are crowded together , with a couple of them looking upwards .
asian bride and groom leaving a church with crowd throwing confetti on them .
three male and female pairs of dancers are on the stage at the ballet , with other ballerinas in the background .
a man and woman use laptops at a circular table , with many people sitting at other circular tables in the background .
a man in a t-shirt is standing with his hands on some type of instrument with a lot of buttons on it , with fake fog in the background .
a man wearing a blue shirt , black apron , eyeglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .
a young man in a black hat walking down the street , pointing at something in the distance .
a black and white dog running down a blue ramp with his mouth open .
a little boy with very curly hair is sitting in a blue chair with a toy in his hands .
a man is writing something and standing with a group of young people outside .
male teenager wearing red shirt , black and white shorts and white bandanna sitting on black railing .
a black and brown dog runs in the grass while hanging its tongue out .
a girl in a teal volleyball jersey holds a blue and white volleyball above her head .
the basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .
a young girl in a blue shirt is walking in the sidewalk and holding up a pink sign that says , " the rescue . "
a dark-skinned male with dark hair stands outside of a building with a display of sunglasses in one hand and one hand above his head .
a lady teacher warning her students about their behavior in a museum setting , and inviting them to be quite .
a man in a hat and orange shirt driving a blue sanitation truck looking out the window smiling .
a bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a trick on his back tire
young blond-haired women wearing a black tank top having a drink in a restaurant .
a boy and two girls are sitting in the street while wrapped in blankets .
a boy performs a high-flying trick with his bicycle on a prepared course .
a group of men in bavarian-style clothing stand with steins of beer against a corn-looking backdrop , in an apparently oktoberfest-themed event .
the woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket .
a person is recording or taking a picture from the audience at a music event .
two men are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with " crusher " written on them in the middle of a body of water .
a brown and white dog is running with a ball in its mouth on grass in front of a fence .
a pastor on a cellphone in front of a stone building with five officers wearing green uniforms ; two are standing while the others are seated .
a group of people stand near the edge of a cliff taking pictures of the blue ocean below them .
a young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine .
a baby wearing a hat and sleeping in a blue stroller .
two guys are struggling in muddy water and the feet of another person is in the background .
two people , one standing and one sitting , look at the camera , as they are situated around a campsite fire .
there is a lady in a blue top and black pants doing exercise with two other women .
a little girl plays in the water fountain , sticking her hands in the water as it comes up .
a large brown dog begins to shake while standing in the water .
a man in jeans is reclining on a green metal bench along a busy sidewalk and crowded street .
a girl in a purple coat on a red sled coasting down a snowy hill .
a motocross rider leans his bike to the side as he prepares to wind around the rest of the racetrack .
in a laundry room , a man with a shaved head is looking intently in his laundry bag .
several construction workers are insulating a foundation for a future building or other structure .
a man wearing white and black clothes doing a construction project .
a man pushing a food cart stands in front of a stone building and holds onto the bars covering a window .
a man wearing a helmet , red pants with white stripes going down the sides and a white and red shirt is on a small bicycle using only his hands while his legs are up in the air , while another man wearing a light blue shirt with dark blue trim and black pants with red stripes going up the sides is standing nearby , gesturing toward the first man and holding a small figurine of one of the seven dwarves .
some teenagers watch a screen near some mini coopers .
a man with a jacket and red shirt sits at a park bench as a dog with a plaid jacket stands near .
a man with gray hair , a patterned yellow shirt , with a pen in his pocket , is standing .
people playing pool , one is a man wearing a blue shirt and the others are women but their heads are not within the camera shot .
some people run through a set of water plumes at dusk .
man walking down the street is wearing a black suit and carrying a small white bag .
a blond-haired boy wearing a black and white striped shirt and blue pants is kicking a pink soccer ball .
a man is being held by two men wearing security uniforms , while standing outside in front of a sign advertising for samsung .
a young boy sitting in on one of two orange chairs , in front of a computer , that is sitting on a table , with a mouse in his right hand on the table .
a person with black sleeves is holding a lock with the left hand and attempting to pick it using a small metal bar held by the right hand .
a group of people watch a street concert taking place on a stage with large " zune " advertisements .
the man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .
a man wearing a black sweater and a knit cap sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy sky overhead .
a young man with a brown shirt who is doing some work on his computer .
two young girls , one is wearing a striped shirt and the other one is wearing a yellow shirt , are leaping off a concrete retention wall .
a tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet .
a small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole .
two young men walking in an alleyway with puddles on the ground .
a man in blue shirt pausing to have his picture taken finishing his barbecue meal .
a beefy guy with short brown hair in a beard is laying in a bathtub with his hands clasped behind his head .
two black dogs are tugging at an orange toy that is between them .
two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature .
an individual with cropped hair and a striped shirt kisses another individual with cropped hair , and a gray tank top , on the cheek .
a child on a skateboard flies through the air , along side a building .
a man is scaling a large boulder at dusk .
a city street is shown with a large number of people and double-decker buses .
an amorous couple with water in front of them , an old building with ornate pillars in the background .
a group of young people with white " volunteer for parks " t-shirts gathers under an awning ; a blond with a ponytail and green hat is in the foreground .
three ball players in uniform stretch on a striped green surface in front of a large crowd and signage .
a carpenter with a pencil on his ear seriously doing his carpentry work .
a man builds a sand castle as children enjoy the sun in the background .
eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing .
a brown dog sits outside next to a large snowbank .
two men are standing in a street , one appears to be throwing something .
a man shovels snow while standing between two black trucks .
a swimmer wearing a black hat and goggles is doing the butterfly stroke .
two boys wearing red jackets are digging shovels into the dirt , the smaller boy in the yellow boots has a mohawk .
a young man in a dark blue striped polo shirt , white slacks and white baseball cap is following through a golf stroke from a sand trap as sand flies up in front of him .
man dressed in black and white holds his tennis racket up waiting for the ball .
a woman in a black sweatshirt is walking on a dock with a wet dog .
male child playing on round contained ride in the park by himself .
a man carrying a surfboard is walking across the beach during sunset , gazing into the horizon as the waves gently wash into shore .
four boys are surrounding a person sitting in a chair and splashing their head with pink paint .
a man in a red suit is dancing with a woman in a red skirt , in the street .
six children at a table with a green tablecloth , five female , one male , looking at the camera , plates and condiments at the table , two empty chairs , and red roses in the background
a young child wearing black soccer cleats and white shirt who just kicked a soccer ball .
in pool surrounded by plants , one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl .
a baby puts his hands in some soap as he stands in the kitchen next to the sink .
a little boy splashes into the small pool at the end of a yellow slip n 'slide .
a man runs with a ball in his hand while a man from an opposing team tries to grab it .
a person on a mini motorbike wearing red garment and a cloth to cover her face riding along a road .
two boxers are fighting with one boxer stretched out swinging at his opponent .
woman being given a palm reading by a female psychic while two other women wait inside of a small shop .
a dalmation dog bites a small branch on a tree while up on his hind legs .
two boys and one girl walking down the sidewalk past a large white building with columns in the front .
a woman behind a fair booth filled with stuffed animals talks to a man with a blue shirt on the other side .
a man in a red shirt is giving a lecture in an auditorium , with two men sitting at a desk at the front of the full room .
a woman is smiling at the bowling alley while a woman in the background is preparing to roll the ball .
four mexican children are pictured , playing instruments in a band together , with the girl up front playing a nylon string guitar .
the two passengers are seated in the waiting area a couple of chairs apart and yet both seem to be alone .
people eating at a table and one of them is giving the finger to the camera .
two little boys playing flag football in purple jerseys .
a man and woman are riding bikes on a street with a gray van visible in the background next to other cars .
a man wearing a cowboy hat holds a cellphone and stands on the sidewalk while people walk around in the background .
the skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail .
a young girl is fishing with some elderly people , possibly her grandparents .
a large group of people are sitting at a big table and eating .
a person is skateboarding in a skate hole
a group of people relaxing at the base of some rocks next to a clear body of water , where one person is swimming .
a man in plaid stops to take a picture while a man in blue looks off at something else .
a woman wearing a lab coat and gloves looks at some chemicals and stands next to some lab equipment .
three guys , with electric guitars playing at a benefit concert , the lead singer is wearing sunglasses and green tennis shoes .
two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them .
an old man wearing a large hat , and riding in a motorized wheelchair , is picking out shoes at a store .
a person with a ponytail , jean jacket , walking near slitted fence outside on a sunny day .
two men carrying red backpacks are window shopping at a women 's brassiere shop .
bubbles surrounded the two little girls with red-hair as they stood in front of the red wagon .
a fisherman with a white hat and dark pants lays his head on his lap while his fishing pole rests nearby .
a woman being entertained by a clown at a local fair .
a number of people are enjoying the nice weather outside .
two dark colored dogs are walking through the grass both holding a large stick .
a man sporting london olympic wear carries a torch down a road lined with spectators while a yellow bmw follows him .
a brunette female standing by a cafe smoking a cigarette while two people are having a beverage .
a woman in a white halter dressing standing at a counter with bowls of food looking off into another room .
a brown and white dog runs through the water with trees and branches around .
a half dozen construction workers stand beside a large piece of equipment .
in front of a decorated christmas tree , four adults and two children sit or stand amongst gifts , and one of the adults gives a child a drink of water .
a young man dressed in a t-shirt and shorts is sitting on the ground and holding his boot in his hand and smiling .
a young couple staring in front of the ocean .
a dingy indoor scene shows an apparent renovation or construction project in progress , with a drop-cloth on stairs , scaffolding , and a man in hard-hat and orange safety vest looking away outside .
two men wearing plastic gloves are making juice from a display of melons .
two boys hold their feet in their hands while balancing on one foot .
a woman in an orange bikini top rubs the back of a bearded man .
a man dressed in a black shirt and jean pants is cutting wood on a table to use for his half finished wooden fence around his yard .
a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the background .
a man in a sweatshirt and shorts is standing next to a donkey , cleaning out a large bowl .
a man wearing glasses and shirt that says " got rocks ? " is flipping a pancake out of a frying pan .
a bunch of people take pictures over the side of a boat .
a boy playing soccer goes for a header as his opponents look on from the bench .
a biker with a white helmet is in midair with a cloudy sky and city skyline in the background .
two men standing behind a large truck around some large chunks of wood .
two young men , one standing before a microphone and one sitting and drinking from a cup , are on stage , along with two paintings , a white screen , a lamp , and an apple laptop .
the girl in the salmon colored bikini is standing next to two young people ; one is wearing a black outfit and the other is drinking pop .
a man down on one knee in the foreground , three others behind him , and a crowd surrounding them .
a man in a blue t-shirt and shorts is throwing a frisbee in an outdoor scene while another watches .
a bald man with glasses grins at the camera while he takes the roast poultry out of the oven with his black oven mitts .
on stage , the innards of a piano are shown next to a man at a desk who is working on electronics , while a long-haired man is looking at a screen which shows " 53 :11 " .
smiling young men and women sit on a floor , and two of the women suck on lollipops .
nine construction workers , eight of which are wearing reflective vests and helmets , stand on a metal structure .
a man in black is on a blue trimmed bicycle in front of a playground .
a clown in a field with trees and people behind him balancing a plate on a stick on his nose .
men in dark clothes and women in dark , decorative skirts are looking at books while another man is standing in front of them holding a circular object .
a brown and white dog has caught a yellow ball in a grassy field surrounded by trees .
two little dogs are lying on the green grass and a larger dog looks down on them .
a little blond girl crawling into a blue inflatable bouncy house .
woman wearing a gray hat peaking around a rock cliff hanging over an ocean short with rocks in the background .
a young man poses as he jumps in midair between two rocks in a highland .
a person with long blond-hair , white shirt , and black pants holds a plate with a colorful burger on it .
two young ladies pose outside of a brick building and smile for the camera .
a young child wearing a red cap is sleeping in his or her parent 's backpack .
a small boy in blue shorts running down a sidewalk with flowers in the background
a woman in skirt , torn stockings and combat boots and a man in aviators and batman tank top walk down a city street .
a motorcyclist rides down a ramp held up by colorful barrels .
an older man in a red vest and blue cap is walking with a cane carrying a white bag .
a woman wearing ear protection is firing a gun at an indoor shooting range .
a dark-haired man in blue jeans and a light green polo is standing next to a man with khaki cargo shorts and a blue polo as they pose for a picture with locals in a foreign land .
man in red costume , with a fur hat , a sword and a knife on his belt holding an ax , with blurred people in the background .
a young boy wearing a red shirt and tan pants mops the area around his washer and dryer .
a man dressed as a clown sitting down on a bench putting on his makeup .
these two workers are working on putting up some kind of metal building .
ladies are dressed in white and are all tying white scarves on their heads .
two men wearing orange robes and sandals are standing in front of the bean in millenium park , chicago .
people walking around a dirt covered lot with a white and green truck parked at opposite sides .
a man in a t-shirt pulling the tail of a statued lion while another man sits with his hand on his chin .
people loiter and walk around on a busy sidewalk as a car passes by in the foreground .
one white and tan dog is chasing another white and brown dog who has a toy in its mouth .
a man in a hat and blue jacket is using a contraption to cut ice on what looks like a frozen pond in winter .
riders in the log ride throw their arms in the air in enjoyment as they prepare for the watery descent .
a very young child in a dark blue and lime-green shirt is looking up .
a small boy wearing glasses and a hat is looking at something and smiling .
two girls wearing identical dresses are dancing in sync while three women in medieval costumes look on .
crowds leaving a day at the beach and climbing the sand dunes to go home .
a woman in a blue coat walks in front of a sign with green men walking under the two words :berlin and kathmandu
three men in basketball uniforms looking at something .
a man in a white sweatshirt looks across a barrier to a kitchen , particularly a pan filled with vegetables .
the boy is jumping a skateboard down the steps , surrounded by graffiti covered walls .
one boy in a black shirt is grabbing the flag of the boy in the red shirt with the football .
there is 1 girl playing the cello and has half her face painted like a zombie .
a black greyhound , with a green and white jersey (
several people , including a boy in a striped shirt walk on a concrete path away from a body of water .
a woman wearing yellow op shorts , a blue t-shirt , and red knee high socks is jumping up on stage holding a microphone , with r2-d2 in the background , along with other puppets and stage props .
these three men dressed in blue , yellow and white , are playing a sport .
a middle-aged couple is dancing , the man is wearing a white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up and the woman is wearing a black dress .
a woman is watching her stone on the ice , while a man in the background is looking down and holding a stick .
a woman in black pants and a purple top reads a book while sitting on a light blue bench seat next to her black and white purse .
a dog swims holding a large stick in his mouth in front of a city skyline .
a man dressed in a vest is holding a binder and walking across the street .
a woman with man bead necklaces looks down at the girl sitting next to her .
a young woman , dressed in a reflective skirt is crossing a city street .
four women walk down the street , one in a green wardrobe is holding a child .
a soccer team prepares for the day 's match under the gaze of the stadium spectators .
two men stand together as one wearing a suit watches the other tie on a yellow tie while making a face .
a solemn looking asian woman holding red sticks that emit smoke from the top .
player in light gray uniform reaches head first for baseball plate while catcher in yellow top reaches arm to tag him .
a man in a gray camouflage shirt and gray pants sits under the hood of a blue truck .
a woman in red pants and boots sits on a taupe colored motor scooter .
a group of people are exercising with their arms spread out .
several brown dogs playing with a tennis ball in a grassy field .
one dog on the ground and another dog standing above it .
three people are standing at a fence looking at a skyscraper filled city while one looks through a binocular scope .
a women 's bicycle race is taking place in the city with lots of speculators .
two men are working together to hammer a small sign under a gold frog statue that is on the tree .
a young man wearing a green and white shirt hanging by two straps in a subway car
a man in dress clothes is riding a bike shielding his eyes from the sun .
three young men in blue jeans are gathered inside a wood-paneled room , one of them handling a crossbow .
a man laying down on grass without socks or shoes , while his tie is covering his eyes .
a black dog running really fast with a blond woman running after him in the background .
a meeting is going on and there are potato chips and coke on the table .
a gray bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in .
a busy street with lots of people and an old man in a blue shirt in front .
a tan dog and a black dog are biting each other in the face .
a man in a light purple shirt raises his hand and looks at the floor while some other individuals sit or stand in the background .
a person is driving an all-terrain vehicle through a muddy course .
a man and woman have their arms around each other while an older woman in orange sits next to them .
a man holding a young boy so he can cross the monkey bars at the playground .
two asian women with short black hair talking with each other .
two men in zip-up jackets sit on a bench eating while one rests with eyes closed .
a young man with dreadlocks and a tied dyed shirt is doing tricks on his skateboard .
a crosscountry skier grimaces as he climbs a slight incline .
a guy , wearing a superman costume and cowboy hat , is carrying a sign about designer bags costing $ 10.00 .
blond man crossing street , in white shirt and red t-shirt , carrying a white bag .
three men are compacting soil in preparation to pour a concrete slab .
three chefs in a kitchen , the left most chef is flipping something in a frying pan , the middle chef is the only one without a hat , his hands are blurred from movement , the right most chef is wearing glasses and arranging food artfully on a plate .
this image has a checker-table with four beverage glasses and an ashtray .
five people seated in front of small tables with a laptop and glasses of water in front of them , one is reading a book .
a police officer posing with two army officers beside his motorcycle .
a child holds a pink kite in the middle of a pedestrian walkway while a man in a pink shirt and blue pants walks in the background .
a fireman pulling out a firehose next to a blue car engulfed in flames .
an man in a blue shirt and a boy in a white shirt are riding bikes down the sidewalk of a tree-line street on a sunny day .
a young girl in a pink shirt gets ready to swing bat at a tee ballgame
a man with a jacket is walking through a wood workshop where there are tools and lumber .
a group of fisherman peer out at the city across the river as they wait for the fish to bite .
a red and white rally car throws up dust behind it as drives away down the trail .
an elderly indian lady is wearing an orange headscarf and bangles .
a football player passes the football to a teammate as the crowd looks on .
a man in a white shirt and shorts prepares to serve a tennis ball .
a dog with a collar and tag runs with its tongue out on a path .
a black dog is running very fast on a light brown ground .
a group of different people are walking in all different directions in a city .
a van is painted in bright colored lettering advertising floats , boogie boards , umbrellas , chairs , and surfboards for rent .
a family of two young boys and a woman and man pose in front of a scenic background .
a man wearing glasses with a white shirt and black shorts is sitting beside a road .
a skateboarding boy touches his hands to the ground with a long hill in the background .
there is a shadow on the floor of the person in the black pants and white shirt .
woman in gypsy outfit plays the saw as a musical instrument .
a large black and white dog runs in the ocean water
a father and son are playing with a wooden train set on top of a city-themed play mat .
a man wearing a blue blazer using a cane to help him walk across the crosswalk .
a young girl with long blond is standing in a field holding a big white and yellow ball .
a person dressed in a long-sleeve gray and black wetsuit keeps balance while surfing .
a young black woman wearing a white tennis dress , white visor and white tennis shoes is swinging a racquet while playing a game of tennis .
two men , one with a ball and a blue uniform , and the other in a white uniform are playing basketball .
a man wearing full protective gear is riding a white bull in front of an audience .
two girls are picking yellow flowers on a bright sunny day .
man with glasses and gray hair , sitting at desk on telephone , with piles of paper and a orange coffee cup .
asian guy with a red shirt and white shorts serving or attacking a badminton hit .
a man in blue coat , a red plaid shirt , and a sailor hat , sits on a park bench next to a bicycle .
a woman wearing short sleeves and sunglasses is backpacking up a snowy mountain cliff .
a white dog is going for a walk through the desert with its owner .
a person stands alone in a large ditch with an overpass in the background .
a man playing an acoustic guitar and singing with a group of people behind him including a woman who is singing along .
two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence .
a group of people sitting around outside near walls that are painted .
a woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a " telephone booth " , smiling as she holds a small shovel .
a person in a blue shirt picks something up off of the ground in front of a graffiti covered wall .
many children are working together in someone 's yard cleaning leaves .
two young kids dressed in spiderman costumes go down a pair of side-by-side slides , the one on the right looking to his right at his friend who is slightly behind him .
while everyone is standing in a body of water outside , a young blond boy in red trunks is standing on the shoulders of two children while another child , a woman and a young man watch
football player quarterback in red sooners jersey and red helmet prepares to receive snap
